spots~taches
Rachelle's~Rachelle de
petunias~pétunias
mishap~mésaventure
weightiness~lourdeur
stashes~stashes
bacteria's~bactéries de
madman~fou
ammonia~ammoniac
Palikir's~Palikir de
cantankerousness's~de cantankerousness
bowline's~bouline de
trans~trans
schoolfellow~condisciple
T'ang~Soie
immortalises~immortalisant
lamas~lamas
Burgundian's~de bourguignonnes
fluoresced~fluoresced
Miskito~Miskito
forefeet~forefeet
expended~expended
duplicator's~duplicator's
bureaucrat~bureaucrate
contaminating~contaminating
plainsong~plainsong
twain's~twain de
lobotomy~lobotomie
bangles~bracelets
worshipped~adoré
phalanx~phalange
transliterated~transcrite
primogenitor~ancêtre
liberate~libérer
tigress~tigresse
scansion~scansion
scotches~scotchs
fracture~fracture
prerequisite~condition préalable
doubter's~doubter's
smothering~suffocation
bullhead's~Bullhead de
steamships~steamers
scouting's~de scouting
transcendentalism's~de transcendantalisme
elegiacal~elegiacal
Alabamians~Alabamians
Cheyennes~Cheyennes
onyx's~onyx de
amass~amasser
Farrell~Farrell
textual~textuel
typewriters~machines à écrire
blatantly~de manière flagrante
Reverend's~Le révérend de
squeezeboxes~Squeezebox
Johnathan~Johnathan
ancientest~ancientest
placket's~Années placket
Stephanie~Stephanie
rascal's~scélérat de
chirruped~chirruped
concertgoer~mélomane
bubblier~pétillant
unintentionally~involontairement
flattery~flattery
doorstepped~doorstepped
huckster~colporteur
popover's~popovers
windup~windup
longing's~le désir de
claptrap~boniment
umlaut's~Années tréma
ugly~laid
tameness~tameness
eland~eland
thriller~thriller
tomb's~Le tombeau de
chamomile's~années camomille
Deity~Déité
numb~engourdi
heretofore~jusqu'à présent
brutalised~brutalisé
obsequiousness~obséquiosité
Hamlin's~Hamlin de
imposture's~de impostures
despised~despised
repack~remballer
Alexanders~alexanders
neophyte's~Années néophyte
drop~drop
natters~Natters
woof~trame
tribeswoman~tribeswoman
generalised~generalised
landowners~propriétaires fonciers
hermitages~ermitages
rood's~Rood de
volcanic~volcanique
swings~oscillations
brads~brads
postilions~postillons
Giovanni~Giovanni
tykes~Tykes
unclasp~dégrafer
upholder's~de continuateur
Bonner's~Bonner de
morphology~morphologie
holiness~sainteté
odalisques~odalisques
Semites~sémites
popularised~popularisé
exploration~exploration
consort~épouse
hesitation's~d'hésitation
Gerry~Gerry
Elnora's~Elnora de
debarred~debarred
rappel's~années descente en rappel
starter~entrée
Angel~ange
Praxiteles's~Années Praxitèle
instantiates~instantiates
unreasonableness~déraison
fulls~fulls
merino~mérinos
humdrum's~routinier de
sides~côtés
jerked~saccadée
licentiates~licenciés
Calvert's~de Calvert
rewrote~Réécriture
Hotpoint~Point chaud
skilfully~habilement
flit's~flit's
gramophone's~gramophone's
Attila~Attila
caretaker~le concierge
silent~silencieux
maypole's~Maypole de
geriatricians~geriatricians
troubleshooted~analysé les causes
speedup's~speedup de
cantering~galoper
talisman~talisman
nurture~nourrir
Java's~Java de
cordillera's~cordillera's
bedraggling~bedraggling
newsweekly's~newsweekly de
quotas~quotas
indoctrinated~endoctrinés
functionalists~functionalists
pouches~sachets
campground~camping
preemies~preemies
Hottentot~hottentot
squirming~tortiller
experimenters~experimenters
totalitarian~totalitaire
sunbursts~sunbursts
one's~un est
extruded~extruded
fleas~fleas
muumuu~muumuu
digitalis~digitalis
Carboloy's~Carboloy de
Guadalupe~Guadalupe
embryo~embryo
exorbitance~exorbitance
chasteness's~de chasteness
vivisection's~de vivisection
mambo's~mambo de
dispraises~dispraises
hairpin's~hairpin's
Esq~Esq
Prophets~prophètes
formulates~formulates
basis~base
gluten~gluten
Merlot~Merlot
Alec's~Alec
vocal~vocal
hammerer's~hammerer's
canebrakes~cannaies
BA~BA
meantime~entre-temps
lemur~maki
homesteads~la propriété familiale
ineffability's~ineffabilité de
egocentricity's~egocentricity's
gantlet~gantlet
Maui's~Maui de
confectionery~confiserie
dreamiest~dreamiest
chasing~ciselure
everglade's~everglade's
Nanook's~Nanook de
Snyder~Snyder
dovetailed~dovetailed
rifest~rifest
pharmaceutical's~médicaments
patriarchate's~patriarchat de
overwhelmed~submergé
cinematographer~directeur de la photographie
Advil~Advil
interpreters~interprètes
promenades~promenades
artificer~Artificier
Mondays~lundi
hugging~étreinte
breadwinners~soutiens de famille
gastritis's~gastritis's
Gaborone's~Gaborone de
legatos~legatos
Cather's~Cather de
Holden~Holden
amorphous~amorphe
person~la personne
perfectly~à la perfection
tartiest~tartiest
twin~double
proposer's~proposeur de
powdered~en poudre
dismount~dismount
Mikhail~Mikhail
Tory~tory
Hydra's~Hydra de
obnoxiousness~obnoxiousness
infrequently~rarement
lovelorn~languissant
diacritic~diacritic
Archean~Archéen
acidity~acidité
preservationist~préservationniste
abbess~abbesse
Fiji's~Fidji de
toilsome~pénible
flowers~flowers
visionary's~visionnaire de
rougher~plus rugueux
hatcheck~hatcheck
elongations~elongations
crabbers~crabbers
bogeyed~bogey
neptunium~neptunium
ecumenicism~ecumenicism
rhenium's~rhénium de
Annapolis~Annapolis
uptrend~tendance haussière
snappiness~snappiness
marquess~marquess
wraparounds~enveloppantes
logger~enregistreur
Lilia~Lilia
monger~marchand de
gulag's~gulag's
apprising~apprising
irruptive~irruptive
impersonates~déguise
capsule's~en capsule
ingredients~Ingrédients
DE~DE
mots~Mots
paucity~manque
forelimb's~forelimb's
elem~elem
sympathies's~sympathies de
soles~semelles
turnips~navets
worrying~inquiétant
mantillas~mantilles
blooped~blooped
meringue's~meringue de
desk's~desk's
fortieth's~fortieth's
wrench's~clé de
cerium's~cérium de
carnies~carnies
postponement~report
palazzo~palazzo
grosgrain~grosgrain
outsells~outsells
euthanizing~euthanizing
shoe's~chaussures
Delmer~Delmer
consolidations~consolidations
amino~amino
corespondent~corespondent
pulsating~palpitant
hilliness's~hilliness de
sows~truies
renewed~renouvelé
anarchy's~de l'anarchie
poppy's~pavot de
Spartan~spartiate
foil's~foil's
shrubbier~shrubbier
incoherence's~de l'incohérence
anklebone~OS de la cheville
lugsails~lugsails
Latin's~Latin de
hamming~hamming
salesgirl~vendeuse
potholes~nids de poule
jujubes~jujubes
Marsh's~Marsh
huckleberries~airelles
duplicated~duplicated
everglades~everglades
driftwood's~driftwood's
bawls~éructe
dominant's~dominant's
dumdums~dumdums
drachmas~drachmas
indemnify~indemniser
doodlers~doodlers
arroyo~arroyo
drones~drones
creches~creches
cleaver's~couperet de
preambled~preambled
deepness's~deepness's
geological~geological
heeled~talons hauts
illogically~illogiquement
Unukalhai's~Unukalhai de
psychoanalytic~psychanalytiques
lied's~de lied
displeases~displeases
capacities~capacités
vulcanises~Vulcanise
objectors~objecteurs
gain's~gain's
objects~objets
songster~chanteur
bussing~bussing
evolution~evolution
inaptly~improprement
rabbits~lapins
colour's~couleurs
Norris~Norris
Milne's~Milne
lases~Lases
Cynthia~Cynthia
irrationals~irracionales
constipates~constipates
Beretta's~Beretta de
brickies~Brickies
breadbasket's~breadbasket de
furlongs~furlongs
draws~draws
overdress's~de chasuble
expatiated~expatiated
consomme~consommé
charm~charme
overtime~heures supplémentaires
rose~Rose
homesteaded~homesteaded
Midlands~Midlands
hickey~petit bouton
fir's~fir's
resting~repos
overlays~overlays
Johnston's~Johnston
Eunice's~Eunice de
Presbyterian's~Années presbytériens
accusingly~accusatrice
shovelful~pelletée
scares~fait peur
mentions~mentionne
underclassman's~de Underclassman
identikit~photorobot
unsifted~non tamisé
squeamishness~délicatesse
winegrower's~vigneronne de
bananas~bananes
spindles~broches
admire~admirer
breadbox's~de breadbox
sulkiness~bouderie
huarache's~huarache de
simonise~Simonise
sunfishes~crapets
worsts~worsts
glissando~glissando
redeploys~redéploie
aliased~crénelage
crosscuts~crosscuts
organs~organes
pacifistic~pacifistic
preconception~préconception
heaping~amoncellement
electrifying~electrifying
acquainting~familiarisant
earthing~earthing
snails~escargots
maraschino~Marasquin
extemporised~extemporised
corroborator's~corroborator's
sherries~xérès
Danielle's~Danielle de
misdeed's~Années méfait
squinter~loucheur
dissector~dissector
cereal's~céréales
plutocrat's~de plutocrat
gnawing~gnawing
mesmerise~mesmerise
underlies~sous-tend
unsecured~non garantis
eMusic~eMusic
attendee~participant
flatters~flatters
Oktoberfest's~Oktoberfest de
Beatty's~Beatty
scenery's~paysages de
decently~decently
clansman's~clansman de
socially~socialement
Merovingian's~de mérovingienne
paean~péan
staterooms~staterooms
aversions~aversions
Asperger~asperger
Maricela's~Maricela de
disclaimers~disclaimers
Mathewson~Mathewson
in's~dans ce
Boyd's~Boyd
bumbler~bumbler
skeletons~squelettes
snorted~reniflée
Tomsk's~Tomsk de
hackneyed~hackneyed
overbids~surenchères
dandling~dandling
pence~pence
anorectic~anorexigène
barrenness~stérilité
distort~distort
punches~coups de poing
uppers~dessus
disciple's~disciple's
hyphenated~césure
Montserrat's~Montserrat de
clopping~clopping
gifting~gifting
defectively~defectively
hajj's~hajj's
gigahertz~gigahertz
Kaitlin's~Kaitlin de
spectrometer's~spectromètre de
suffragette~suffragette
bank~banque
immuring~emmurant
rationed~rationnée
bro~bro
Brutus's~Brutus de
Dyer~Teinturier
disapproves~disapproves
wishbone~wishbone
scavenger~charognard
saleswoman's~années vendeuse
contrition~contrition
apes~singes
acquaintanceship~interconnaissance
sines~Sines
entailment~entailment
mettle~courage
effect's~effect's
potable~potable
touristy~touristique
concertising~concertising
rehearings~une nouvelle audience
aflame~en flammes
grease's~grease's
trader's~les commerçants
coders~codeurs
Kevin's~Kevin
migrated~migré
romancing~romancing
expensive~expensive
Lorenz~Lorenz
Ernst's~Ernst de
propitiatory~propitiatoire
intercede~intercéder
hafts~hafts
scorning~méprisant
Marriott's~Marriott de
portmanteau's~portemanteau de
Rodin~Rodin
alleging~alléguant
endlessness's~endlessness's
ghosts~ghosts
Slovenia's~Slovénie de
comedy~comédie
tenser~plus tendue
Dino's~Dino
tit's~tit de
intimation's~de intimation
pasta~Pâtes
rove~vagabonder
straggling~straggling
vicissitudes~vicissitudes
restored~restauré
antibody's~anticorps de
boatyard~chantier naval
restrengthens~restrengthens
photoengravings~photogravures
anything's~quoi que ce soit de
villeinage's~villeinage de
drafts~drafts
winder's~enrouleur de
Brighton~Brighton
spitfire's~spitfire de
appliques~appliques
Janie~Janie
Khayyam~Khayyam
Cologne~Eau de Cologne
hereto~ci-
paranoiacs~paranos
barrenness's~aridité de
semantics~sémantique
Helvetian~helvétique
swim~nager
thicket~fourré
florins~florins
shipyards~les chantiers navals
underpinnings~fondements
spheroid's~Années sphéroïde
Barents's~années de Barents
miscall~miscall
nosebags~musettes
disincentives~disincentives
barb's~ardillon de
consoling~consolante
caliph's~calife de
Raphael's~Raphaël
Hannibal~Hannibal
afterword's~Années postface
cultist's~cultist's
skimmer~écumoire
Sutherland~Sutherland
Iyar~Iyar
Oort's~Oort de
globalist~globalist
outwork's~outwork de
stooge's~larbin de
littered~jonché
tycoon's~de brasseur d'affaires
heroism's~l'héroïsme de
improvised~improvisé
Truckee~Truckee
Nicholson's~Nicholson
mugging's~de vol avec agression
sympathies~sympathies
censor's~censor de
triennially~tous les trois ans
straightest~recte
mastiff~mastiff
bummers~bummers
stuff's~Les trucs de
cretin~cretin
Damion~Damion
steersman~timonier
ichthyologist~ichtyologiste
knitting's~de tricot
murk's~murk de
custard~custard
Ferlinghetti~Ferlinghetti
hostile~hostile
legroom's~de place pour les jambes
Ute~Ute
bots~bots
multiplier~multiplicateur
coned~conique
barbell~haltère
lineups~les files d'attente
quarterstaves~quarterstaves
bogyman~bogyman
trademark~marque déposée
subscripts~indices
Castilian~castillan
healthiness's~de healthiness
rattly~rattly
overseers~contremaîtres
Episcopalian's~Années épiscopalienne
glitched~glitched
Christensen~Christensen
oligarchy~oligarchie
abseil's~abseil de
hogwash~foutaise
homemakers~aides familiales
carcasses~carcasses
Wilberforce~Wilberforce
elaborated~elaborated
ibuprofen's~ibuprofène de
seductively~seductively
unproved~unproved
tiddlywink~Jeu de puces
battlefields~champs de bataille
nephew's~neveu
dogmatic~dogmatic
enunciating~enunciating
chlorine's~chlore de
exuberantly~exuberantly
pussier~pussier
quarter~trimestre
misadventure's~de mésaventure
desolating~desolating
quietened~assagie
Ibadan's~Ibadan de
affect~affecter
Katelyn's~Katelyn de
squiggle's~Années gribouillis
cavalryman's~cuirassier de
makeshift's~fortune de
hairdressing's~hairdressing's
tacticians~tacticiens
dietitian's~dietitian's
theosophist's~de théosophe
Dolly's~Dolly
enchilada's~enchilada's
careens~carène
bolt~boulon
par~par
ambition~ambition
graver~graver
juxtaposed~juxtaposée
cased~tubé
unwisely~inconsidérément
carnivore~carnassier
Bacchanalia's~Années Bacchanalia
whirred~ronronnait
curves~curves
Artaxerxes's~Années Artaxerxès
carted~charrié
Ptolemy's~Ptolémée
intercoms~interphones
polyester's~polyester de
wingtip's~Années wingtip
homewrecker's~de homewrecker
martinet~officier dur
Communist~communiste
potbelly~bedaine
excusably~excusably
Alfred~Alfred
occupiers~occupants
eagerest~eagerest
teetered~vacillait
conglomerating~conglomérant
sensationalising~sensationnalisme
condom's~préservatif de
griddle's~griddle's
Amerinds~Amerinds
harnessing~harnachement
swamping~submersion
Chapman~Chapman
reemploys~reemploys
Cyclopes's~Années Cyclopes
impersonations~personnifications
shovelling~pelleter
Marciano's~Marciano de
wised~wised
purview's~ressort de
radiosurgery~radiochirurgie
autoclave~autoclave
Bayonne~Bayonne
unmanning~évacuation de
hopes~espoirs
Winchester~Winchester
artillery~artillerie
Pulitzer's~Pulitzer de
pleased~heureux
Mitch~Mitch
briefcase~mallette
crusher's~crusher's
placings~classement
resalable~revendable
Dorthy's~Dorthy de
discontinuously~discontinuously
witnessed~témoigné
chateau~château
outpatients~consultations externes
chastens~châtie
reclining~inclinables
smelly~malodorant
nonbinding~non contraignante
sensations~sensations
rears~cabre
reverting~revenant
breathed~respiré
innocuously~innocuously
unpreparedness~impréparation
rarefaction~raréfaction
recommissions~recommissions
remodelled~rénové
Angelico's~Angelico
sanctification~sanctification
spiel~boniment
falsettos~falsettos
moat's~fossé de
Beatlemania's~Beatlemania de
pearliest~pearliest
corona's~corona's
unrewarded~sans récompense
surfboarding~surfboarding
popper's~Popper
popped~sauté
muscles~muscles
Robin's~Robin
elastic's~elastic's
surprise's~la surprise de
heinousness~noirceurs
insertion~insertion
embargoed~embargoed
if~si
credenzas~credenzas
cynosures~cynosures
grimmer~grimmer
colouration's~coloration de
shutting~fermeture
tendentiously~tendancieusement
cockerel's~Années coquelet
towheads~towheads
edgers~edgers
prong's~broches de
baseball~base-ball
huh~hein
inhalant~inhalant
gaffed~gaffed
trustier~trustier
addling~en faisant pourrir
Amish's~Amish de
acetic~acétique
incestuously~incestueuse
potherb~potagère
murmurings~murmures
photometers~photomètre
impetuousness's~impétuosité de
Vitus~Vitus
dacha's~dacha's
lore~traditions
mesmeric~magnétique
hustle's~agitation de
misstep's~de faux pas
intolerance's~l'intolérance de
fairing~fairing
estimated~estimated
washier~washier
Valvoline~Valvoline
equinoxes~equinoxes
Libra's~Balance de
grandnephews~grandnephews
warranties~garanties
five's~five's
drifter's~drifter's
Clydesdale~Clydesdale
counterbalances~counterbalances
inkiness~inkiness
compilations~compilations
generates~generates
Nebraska's~du Nebraska
enfranchisement~enfranchisement
janitors~concierges
Pyle's~Pyle
chapped~gercées
Miriam's~Miriam
Korzybski's~Korzybski de
Aesculapius~Esculape
Mount~Monter
violets~violettes
confusion~confusion
twittered~gazouillaient
subtenant's~de subtenant
danishes~danishes
lineages~lignées
bastardise~bastardise
consummation's~consummation's
cans~boîtes
uncombed~peignés
fluoresce~fluoresce
unruliness's~indocilité de
anklebones~anklebones
launders~blanchisseurs
buffoon~bouffon
taxation~Imposition
Daniel~Daniel
success~Succès
nonpareils~nonpareils
unready~pas prêt
countersign's~countersign's
nanny's~nounou de
untrue~faux
airdrops~largages
Rickover~Rickover
derelict's~derelict's
logged~connecté
flips~flips
clans~Clans
debacle's~debacle's
exultation's~exultation's
vessel's~navires
discontinuity's~discontinuity's
toad~crapaud
fondness's~fondness's
clement~clément
corsets~corsets
Vietnamese's~années vietnamienne
unflappably~imperturbablement
conjuration~conjuration
radiators~radiateurs
offensive~offensive
Cedric~Cédric
inquires~consulter
megahertz's~mégahertz de
locations~Emplacements
neuter's~castrer de
reweaving~retissage
Godiva's~Godiva de
Jerri~Jerri
certs~certs
movements~mouvements
Chukchi's~Années Chukchi
Snead's~Snead de
taskmistress~taskmistress
mewed~miaula
position~position
Valentino's~Valentino
solitaires~Solitaires
relinquished~abandonné
ingrown~incarné
Willis's~Willis
vigour's~la vigueur de
spurt's~jaillissement de
deformed~deformed
Braque~Braque
krypton's~krypton de
slenderised~slenderised
astonish~étonner
Andropov~Andropov
barnacled~barnacled
interdependently~interdépendante
qualifies~qualifie
reshuffled~rebattues
Shannon~Shannon
loathings~dégoûts
Grey~gris
tattler~commère
rambler~randonneur
Reid's~Reid
Accenture's~Accenture de
airfield's~aérodrome de
scrunchies~scrunchies
belled~belled
vernier's~vernier de
Hartman~Hartman
boulder~rocher
griddles~griddles
sacramental~sacramentel
plateful's~platée de
preventative~préventif
foreplay~foreplay
eyetooth's~eyetooth's
teases~taquine
holdalls~sacs fourre-tout
solemnness~solennité
orients~orients
bankruptcy's~de la faillite
furnace's~furnace's
scrawniest~scrawniest
deforestation's~deforestation's
shampooers~shampooers
contd~contd
liveliness~vivacité
poop's~merde de
displayable~displayable
cannonball~boulet de canon
sputa~expectorations
biddable~docile
Bishkek's~Bichkek de
skewers~brochettes
filings~filings
Calliope~Calliope
nosegay's~nosegay de
acridness~âcreté
Butler~Majordome
coasts~côtes
academic~académique
pasteurising~pasteuriser
consulship~consulship
missionary's~du missionnaire
basaltic~basaltique
picks~choix
jurisdiction~juridiction
Stevens~Stevens
froths~froths
cannily~cannily
alpaca~alpaga
boarded~sont montés à bord
Dedekind~Dedekind
delimits~delimits
stiles~Stiles
forcefulness~forcefulness
phonograph~phonographe
cacao's~cacao de
ripened~affiné à pâte
dropouts~dropouts
instructors~instructeurs
amplest~amplísimo
dredgers~dredgers
Tunisian~Tunisie
unshod~pieds nus
appetisers~amuse-gueules
polysyllable~polysyllabe
antiphonal's~antiphonaire de
guessers~guessers
babbler's~de babbler
unfaithful~infidèle
bayou's~Bayou de
blammo~Blammo
Kinshasa's~Kinshasa de
foolhardy~foolhardy
Land's~Terres
jog~faire du jogging
fireguard~fireguard
antsiest~antsiest
rifled~canon rayé
bounty's~Préserver la richesse
waterlily~nénuphar
tiebreaker's~bris d'égalité de
thunderclap's~thunderclap de
Muir's~Muir
mason~le maçon
immunises~immunise
unheeded~ignoré
traitor's~traître de
arguably~discutablement
clouted~clouted
transmogrification~Transmogrification
Flatt~Flatt
megaphone's~mégaphone de
surf~le surf
calligraphists~calligraphes
Monegasques~Monégasques
grammarian's~grammarian's
overbuilds~overbuilds
morsels~morceaux
provender~fourrage
Wilfred~Wilfred
monoxide's~Le monoxyde de
apace~un rythme
greasiness's~greasiness's
terrifically~formidablement
grimness~grimness
durst~durst
buckskin's~buckskin de
Pompeii's~Pompéi de
wilds~wilds
Stacie's~Stacie de
expletive~expletive
riff's~riff années
putterers~putterers
Sumerian~sumérienne
leafage's~feuilletage de
optioned~optionné
GE's~GE
petrochemicals~la pétrochimie
Earnestine's~Earnestine de
tragedians~tragédiens
Anubis's~Anubis de
FHA~HAF
matures~arrive à maturité
Madge's~Madge de
clutches~embrayages
decelerators~decelerators
guidelines~guidelines
ruing~ruing
moldboard~socs
daring's~daring's
Gallagher's~Gallagher
caustically~causticité
weatherising~weatherising
salvageable~salvageable
transparency~transparence
nullifies~annulait
merit~mérite
squabbler~querelleur
biol~Biol
embarrassed~embarrassed
slogans~slogans
Barnett's~Barnett
assignment~affectation
craggy~craggy
mizzenmasts~mizzenmasts
firefighters~firefighters
conveniences~conveniences
virology~virologie
facial's~facial's
voyeurism's~voyeurisme de
joyrider's~de Joyrider
globe's~globe's
concreteness's~de concrétude
eugenics's~eugenics's
Semarang~Semarang
rechristens~rebaptise
cog's~COG de
perplexing~embarrassant
sermonised~sermonised
halved~halved
CT~CT
extinction's~extinction's
Krasnodar~Krasnodar
Purdue~Purdue
flexing~flexing
applicably~applicably
slouch's~Années slouch
exchequer's~exchequer's
dozen~dozen
Bradford's~Bradford
scapula~omoplate
seaplanes~hydravions
fiddle's~fiddle's
barrel~baril
manner~manière
Jacklyn's~Jacklyn de
Greenwich's~Greenwich de
skating~patinage
foreseeable~foreseeable
minstrelsy~ménestrels
brine~eau salée
Goolagong's~Goolagong de
sufferance~souffrance
hotplate~plat chaud
malediction~malédiction
stonework's~années pierres apparentes
Gehenna~Géhenne
veranda's~véranda de
prior~avant
unrestricted~libre
brainteaser~casse-tête
constructiveness~constructivité
email's~email's
pomading~pomading
schnook~schnook
Busch's~Busch de
steeplejack's~de cordiste
Perrier's~Perrier
tramping~piétinant
smiling~souriant
Roseau~Roseau
oarlock~tolet
sniping~tireurs embusqués
sweetbreads~ris de veau
pushiness~arrivisme
Eeyore~Bourriquet
mottling~marbrures
correctness~correctness
wedlock~mariage
anyone's~tout le monde est
oped~OPED
roofer~Couvreur
illustration's~illustration de
realignments~réalignements
scrivener~scribe
corkscrews~corkscrews
aliening~aliening
tastefully~avec goût
shearer's~Shearer
recouping~récupérer
archiepiscopal~archiépiscopal
transsexualism~transsexualisme
transpiring~transpirante
republications~réimpressions
unrest~troubles
noised~bruitée
daffiness~daffiness
nearsightedness's~de nearsightedness
slasher~slasher
gosh~gosh
schisms~schismes
atelier~atelier
deconstruction's~deconstruction's
depletes~depletes
fauna's~fauna's
vivisects~vivisects
Chrysler's~Chrysler
lunatic's~lunatic de
yogurt's~yaourt de
Jacksonian's~jacksonienne de
preexists~préexiste
patriarchies~patriarcats
recklessly~imprudemment
yearned~aspirait
lends~Prête
plutocrat~ploutocrate
Millet's~millet
animadverted~animadverted
obeying~obéir
goofing~goofing
Lady~Dame
Wordsworth's~Wordsworth
audiovisuals's~Années documents audiovisuels
conks~carpophores
skills~compétences
foggier~foggier
archivists~archivistes
dooryard's~dooryard's
necessity~nécessité
Jo~Jo
crackle~crackle
dippy~dippy
mushed~mushed
stablest~stablest
tawdriest~tawdriest
rob~Rob
Trent's~Trent
anglophone~anglophone
ethane~ethane
becquerel~becquerel
nimbleness's~prestesse de
volley's~volley de
miscibility~miscibilité
procaine~procaine
Laval's~LAVAL
nastiness's~méchancetés de
bedims~bedims
loading~chargement
agitprop~agitprop
aha~aha
AK~Alaska
stewardesses~hôtesses de l'air
ritzy~ritzy
Macedon~Macedon
suss~Suss
misplace~égarer
stamina~endurance
stash's~Stash de
abbess's~abbesse de
Vivaldi~Vivaldi
coroner's~coroner's
chihuahuas~chihuahuas
Xingu's~de Xingu
cockroach's~cafard de
Laud~Louange
bibliographically~bibliographiquement
chastely~chastement
systems~systèmes
backbites~médit
plenty's~beaucoup de
gratuitously~gratuitously
Kurd's~kurde de
unrighteous~impie
impression~impression
birdcage~volière
blackballing~blackboulage
Gdansk's~Gdansk de
cricketer~cricketer
mockingbirds~mockingbirds
effectually~effectually
sleepyhead's~Sleepyhead de
Gael~Gaël
science~science
standardisation's~normalisation de
jabberer~bavard
grassier~grassier
burl~ronce
doglegging~doglegging
jolliest~joviale
monasteries~monastères
eBay's~eBay's
idem~idem
Quayle~Quayle
silt~limon
conservancies~conservancies
councilperson's~councilperson's
calaboose~taule
archetype~archétype
retool~rééquiper
prepays~un remboursement anticipé
Quirinal's~Quirinal de
tambourine's~Années tambourin
tiepins~tiepins
equivalently~equivalently
skullcaps~skullcaps
cudgels~cudgels
Yellowstone~Yellowstone
taproom's~de taproom
necklacings~necklacings
leads~pistes
heartsickness~heartsickness
jagged~déchiqueté
millionth's~millionième de
springiness's~de springiness
acquit~acquitter
werewolf~loup-garou
Medicaid's~Medicaid de
recollecting~se rappelant
specifies~précise
keyholes~boutonnières
tickler~serpette
fatherland~fatherland
tamers~dompteurs
nonlinear~non linéaire
exorcism's~exorcism's
headhunting's~de chasseurs de têtes
strong~fort
Gresham's~Gresham
outstretching~outstretching
defaults~defaults
abuzz~bruisse
Cordelia~Cordelia
Crimean's~Crimée de
expansionist~expansionist
roadbed~ballast
steelworker~métallurgiste
cagey~méfiant
melanomas~mélanomes
exculpation's~exculpation's
travelling~en voyageant
Rosenberg~Rosenberg
civilians~civils
gumballs~gumballs
GMO~OGM
jabs~jabs
anglophiles~anglophiles
disorder~disorder
longhouses~longhouses
muskies~maskinongés
Junker's~Junker de
Marin~Marin
peak's~pics
charity~charité
guidebooks~guidebooks
pinata's~Années pinata
Xeroxes~Copieuses, xerox
transmittal's~transmission de
flouter~flouter
Blantyre's~Blantyre de
entree~entree
godlessness~godlessness
vainglory's~gloriole de
louvre~persienne
jauntiness~jauntiness
eight's~eight's
hectometres~hm
Salton~Salton
bedroom's~chambres
intrinsically~intrinsèquement
recliner's~fauteuil de
uppity~insouciant
boomeranging~boomerang
joist's~solive de
gracelessness's~gracelessness's
hilltops~croupes
rebel's~rebelle de
forklift~forklift
best's~meilleur de
Ra~Ra
glasshouse~glasshouse
holism~holisme
regrew~regrew
bullshitter~bullshitter
oviduct~oviducte
reenactments~reenactments
overspending~dépenses excessives
correctable~correctable
furl~furl
BTU~BTU
edibleness's~edibleness's
parsley~persil
spouted~jaillissait
retrieve's~récupérer de
diathermy's~diathermy's
yardage~métrage
procaine's~de procaine
bent~courbé
francs~francs
wiggle~remuer
Nisei's~nisei de
kilobyte~kilooctet
matinee's~matinée de
sprinkling~saupoudrage
panache~panache
hinted~insinué
Bloom's~Bloom
confronted~face
undependable~undependable
marrow's~moelle de
printings~printings
dissimulated~dissimulated
patroness~patronnesse
allegiance's~allégeance de
hoist~hisser
consulates~consulates
sedative~sédatif
manifestation~manifestation
droid~droid
sleighed~sleighed
museum~musée
creakiness~creakiness
grues~grues
cession's~cession de
washbasin's~lavabo de
geologists~geologists
disavowals~disavowals
rewound~rembobiné
harlots~harlots
Trobriand~Trobriand
reviewed~examiné
socialist's~socialiste de
satelliting~satelliting
unwillingness~réticence
heathendom~heathendom
polliwog's~polliwog de
detriments~detriments
grunge~grunge
assassinated~assassiné
toddy's~grog de
disowning~disowning
radiogram's~de radiogram
Taylor's~Taylor
federalise~federalise
illiterates~analphabètes
Bobbi's~Bobbi de
castle~Château
gradual~gradual
Sunbelt's~Sunbelt de
barge~barge
rue~rue
Hattie's~Hattie de
relic~relique
diagnostic~diagnostic
USSR's~URSS de
delved~delved
logier~Logier
jogged~fait du jogging
BBB's~BBB de
raw's~premières de
coruscating~coruscating
hinterlands~hinterlands
volatilised~volatilisé
Dante's~Dante
massages~massages
wizardry's~la magie de
destruct's~destruct's
bottler~embouteilleur
yam's~l'igname de
endangered~endangered
euphemistic~euphemistic
piked~carpé
disseminates~disseminates
bloodshed~effusion de sang
majolica's~majolique de
fizzier~fizzier
linked~lié
superscribed~suscription
ranchers~propriétaires d'un ranch
pearl's~perles
inviolable~inviolable
refutable~réfutable
auditorium's~sa salle de spectacle
Germany's~l'Allemagne
Walloon's~wallon de
excrescent~excrescent
doorjamb~doorjamb
impacted~impacté
flopped~flopped
nudes~nudes
Xenophon's~Xénophon
Maseru's~Maseru de
slugs~limaces
Berle's~Berle de
enchantress~enchantress
believable~croyable
investigative~investigateur
mollifies~mollifies
accountants~comptables
beamed~poutres
cuttingly~cuttingly
overages~surconsommations
abetters~abetters
Farragut~Farragut
Samarkand's~Samarkand de
fiendish~fiendish
theosophic~théosophique
faulty~faulty
port's~le port de
Ulyanovsk's~Ulyanovsk de
ointment's~pommade de
sagacity's~de sagacité
roping~moulinette
manufacturing's~la fabrication de
negroid~négroïde
Bilbao~Bilbao
fess~fess
comrade~camarade
Copernican's~copernicienne de
needier~plus nécessiteux
frontal~frontal
computerisation~informatisation
sapling~jeune arbre
spice's~épices
enemy~enemy
purchase~achat
Marco~Marco
alveolars~alvéolaires
chainsawed~chainsawed
heckle~interrompre
smuggler~contrebandier
package's~paquets
settler~colon
professed~profès
actuation~actionnement
undershirt~maillot de corps
silo's~silo années
pulsar's~pulsar de
heavyhearted~le coeur lourd
dissuasion~dissuasion
towellings~towellings
transcribers~transcripteurs
hiders~hiders
transepts~transepts
Royal~Royal
aircraftmen~aviateurs
Phoebe's~Phoebe
tyres~pneus
strews~parsème
annoyed~agacé
Brad's~Brad
queuing~file d'attente
floggings~floggings
braves~Braves
overborne~emporté sur
provost~prévôt
Hensley~Hensley
spurting~jaillissement
innovating~innover
Gantry~Portique
arabesque~arabesque
multiprocessors~multiprocesseurs
swipe's~swipe de
puzzler~puzzler
cakes~Gâteaux
mensch~mensch
welder~soudeur
bullheads~barbottes
stalks~tiges
swat~écraser
scarification~scarification
solace's~consolation de
bat's~chauves-souris
Stalin~Staline
manifesto~manifeste
overmaster~dominer
backstroked~backstroked
magpies~pies
payed~payé
Bayesian~bayésienne
chased~chassé
priority's~de priorité
tightfisted~radin
crowdfunded~crowdfunded
shade's~l'ombre de
fugitive~fugitive
bashed~défoncé
alder~aulne
Chantilly's~Chantilly de
generality~generality
senseless~insensé
spamming~spamming
rooted~enraciné
garnishing~garnishing
lording~trônant
reciter~récitant
midair's~en plein ciel de
peace's~de la paix
darer's~darer's
remissions~rémissions
famously~famously
extraordinarily~extraordinarily
Michaelmases~Michaelmases
coachload~coachload
centrality~centralité
liniments~liniments
prepackage~préemballage
wheat~blé
heartstrings's~Années Heartstrings
eatery's~eatery's
propagandist's~propagandiste de
understanding~compréhension
rhinitis~rhinite
smash~fracasser
rhetorical~rhétorique
cesspool's~de fosse septique
rundown~fatigué
Lordship~Seigneurie
cruddy~cruddy
hands~hands
chaplets~chapelets
Sun's~Sun de
holly's~holly
education~education
paves~Paves
Clovis~Clovis
phobias~phobies
Kuibyshev~Kuibyshev
boosters~boosters
demonic~demonic
Eminem's~Eminem
bicuspid~prémolaire
livened~agrémentée
engraves~engraves
franchiser's~franchiser's
polyhedrons~polyèdres
undelivered~non remis
Moravian~morave
nigher~nigher
Olga~Olga
barren's~stérile de
quartermasters~intendants
Basseterre~Basseterre
continents~continents
sprain's~entorse de
idealist's~idéalistes de
spittoons~crachoirs
playmates~playmates
blood~du sang
rechristen~rebaptiser
nebulousness~nébulosité
restudied~réétudiée
electrifies~electrifies
eighteenth's~eighteenth's
warning's~avertissements
Rowena's~Rowena
undecided's~de indécis
Periclean~Périclès
ingenuousness~ingénuité
sphincters~sphincters
coalfield~houiller
smudgiest~smudgiest
cheerio~tchao
Taejon~Taejon
escapology~escapology
beastliness's~bestialité de
revenuers~revenuers
housefly's~housefly de
corroboration~corroboration
cream's~cream's
infuser's~infuseur de
Bib~Bavoir
Francois's~François de
n~n
lozenge~losange
dashingly~dashingly
grabber's~grabber's
clipboard's~presse-papiers de
atheist~athée
temperature~température
drunkenness~drunkenness
spermicide's~spermicide de
MTV~MTV
Carlton's~Carlton de
power's~pouvoirs
belonging~qui appartiennent
battle~bataille
storyboards~storyboards
remorselessness~manque de remords
lords~seigneurs
emulsify~emulsify
sanitarian's~Années Sanitarian
bop's~BOP
sylvan~sylvestre
Horacio's~Horacio de
Laban~Laban
Dubai~Dubai
holster~étui de revolver
tuck's~Tuck de
whelk~buccin
evolved~evolved
woefully~lamentablement
captiously~captiously
chickadee~mésange
doses~doses
faithlessness~faithlessness
taglines~accroches
seclusion's~l'isolement de
morbidness's~de morbidité
subsists~subsistera
marshal~maréchal
predominating~prédominant
Sang~A chanté
roomier~plus spacieux
sacra~sacra
alternatives~alternatives
Brent~Brent
cathartics~cathartiques
rite's~rites
grunt's~grunt's
Angelica's~Angelica de
Johnnie's~Johnnie de
remit~remettre
sleeve~manche
arsonists~pyromanes
wolfed~louppé
spatter's~Années spatter
autodidacts~autodidactes
probable~probable
Roumania's~de Roumanie
alum's~alun de
ashcans~ashcans
ignoring~ignorance
revamping's~de revamping
Tucker's~Tucker
congregation~congrégation
swain~amant
lacing~laçage
Chester's~Chester de
tissue's~tissus
broadsiding~broadsiding
Canaletto~Canaletto
criticiser's~criticiser's
oboists~hautboïstes
minuscule's~de minuscules
neaten~ajuster
tuner's~syntoniseur
suavest~suavest
tidemark~laisse de haute mer
mockeries~dérisions
ramparts~remparts
breadth~largeur
shockproof~antichocs
rumoured~selon la rumeur
putty's~mastic de
notarise~légaliser
clergymen~membres du clergé
kingfishers~kingfishers
Tawney~Tawney
Lowenbrau's~Années Löwenbräu
ospreys~balbuzards
Rhodesia~Rhodésie
brainchildren~brainchildren
Coulomb's~Coulomb
proclamations~proclamations
hairbreadths~hairbreadths
Dyson's~Dyson
nostalgic~nostalgique
internationalism~internationalisme
solutes~solutés
barraging~barraging
muskie's~maskinongé de
lughole~lughole
lucky~chanceux
collaborators~collaborateurs
At~À
revitalisation's~revitalisation de
lightener's~de éclaircissant
reviser's~de reviser
Nestorius~Nestorius
Ruthie~Ruthie
dividable~dividable
decrease's~decrease's
wheelchair~fauteuil roulant
Burnett~Burnett
O'Rourke's~O'Rourke de
cablecasts~distribuées par câble
transports~les transports
hesitates~hésite
militarist's~militaristes de
misuse~abuser
checkout~check-out
gluing~gluing
counts~counts
brokenness~brisement
lobbers~Löbbers
sepal's~sépales de
recommit~réengager
Hockney~Hockney
Enos~Enos
bulgy~bulgy
Mariana's~Mariana de
instigators~instigateurs
machining~usinage
pebble~caillou
Briticism's~anglicisme de
procure~procurer
tapeline~tapeline
quadruplet's~quadruplés
yashmaks~yashmaks
Clay~Argile
blunder~gaffe
booziest~booziest
arthroscope's~de arthroscope
jetty~jetée
unionising~syndicaliser
bifocals~double foyer
commonwealths~commonwealths
linkage's~lien de
bombast~grandiloquence
bursa~bursa
GHQ~GHQ
reconfigure~reconfigurer
flats~flats
resharpen~aiguisage
untrustworthy~indigne de confiance
revolution~révolution
seltzers~seltzers
pepperonis~pepperonis
refrigerator's~réfrigérateur de
Hapsburg's~hapsburg de
marshiest~marshiest
claw's~les griffes
tenses~tenses
primates~primates
kohl~khôl
marsupials~marsupiaux
abidance~respect
espadrille~espadrille
sampled~échantillonnée
involved~impliqué
Planck~Planck
rotaries~rotaries
varlet's~Varlet de
minimises~Réduit au minimum
cyclone's~cyclone's
sarcophagi~sarcophages
depend~depend
Decembers~décembres
Crick's~Crick de
hefting~Hefting
phallus~phallus
hitters~frappeurs
Taliesin's~Taliesin de
alarmed~alarmé
specs's~specs de
hardships~hardships
Cobain~Cobain
acquiescent~consentant
Andrew~Andrew
immanence~immanence
analgesic~analgésique
unfailing~inépuisable
choleric~colérique
visioned~visioned
leanness~maigreur
bollixing~bollixing
impedes~entrave
Maris~Maris
ballrooms~salles de bal
isthmus's~isthme de
hungrily~avidement
hayrides~hayrides
daddy's~daddy's
blazon~blason
tollbooths~tollbooths
canvasing~canvasing
robuster~robuster
Castries's~Années Castries
rawhide's~rawhide de
readouts~lectures
rubato's~Années rubato
nutrient's~nutriments de
Tarantino~Tarantino
entrance~entrance
volley~volée
Th~th
vehemence's~véhémence de
approvals~approbations
absentmindedness's~de étourderie
faille~faille
habitualness's~habitualness's
you're~vous êtes
varnishing~vernissage
republish~republier
ruffing~Ruffing
Sufism~Soufisme
scabbed~scabbed
kook~kook
plundered~pillée
prostituted~prostitue
county's~county's
collator~assembleuse
Melva~melva
rotundity~embonpoint
stepchild~belle-fille
Mackinaw's~Mackinaw de
insecticidal~insecticide
Sindhi~sindhi
monolinguals~monolingues
Fronde's~Fronde de
floury~floury
gypper's~gypper's
Scots~écossais
tankful~tankful
furred~furred
Ir~Ir
AVI~AVI
dolly~dolly
scholastically~scolairement
unevenness's~de l'irrégularité
penetration~pénétration
momentarily~momentanément
bluffers~Bluffers
chardonnay~chardonnay
Forster~Forster
gentling~gentling
sloppiness's~laisser-aller de
pushers~pousseurs
digraphs~digraphs
gunshots~gunshots
gauzier~gauzier
antimissile~anti-missile
spouting~jaillissant
premed~prémédication
nominal~nominal
saguaro's~Saguaro de
rosebud's~Rosebud de
Frenchmen~Français
sulphide's~sulfure de
muddle~confusion
cooper's~cooper's
misted~embué
softest~plus souple
Carlin's~Carlin
scarlatina's~scarlatine de
jeers~huées
tetanus~tétanos
perked~ragaillardi
unconsecrated~non consacrée
sounding's~de sondage
dissections~dissections
rockfall's~de chutes de pierres
pawpaw~papaye
remigrating~Nouvelle migration
viewed~vu
wideners~élargisseurs
Indira~Indira
will's~VOLONTE
burls~loupes
Lombardi's~Lombardi
oblivion~oubli
preformative~préformative
Cathy~Cathy
collocates~collocatifs
hooligan~hooligan
Ali's~Ali
automatising~automatisant
storytelling's~de contes
baubles~babioles
Barry~Barry
applaud~applaudir
prodigals~prodigues
shims~cales
elders~elders
redact~rédiger
rehashing~ressasser
metaphors~métaphores
greenhouse~greenhouse
mammals~mammifères
denier's~denier's
Riemann~Riemann
Stacy's~Stacy
soundbar~Soundbar
Allhallows's~Années Allhallows
thistle~chardon
underdogs~outsiders
poisoning~empoisonnement
sensationalism~sensualisme
holmium~holmium
castigates~châtie
fibrillates~fibrillates
Gujranwala~Gujranwala
greengrocers~greengrocers
immersive~immersif
daybreak's~daybreak's
refs~refs
colas~colas
mutant's~mutant de
dustpan's~dustpan's
jumping~sauteur
irks~réimprégnation
preachment~preachment
regrade~Regrade
Petty~Petit
cockily~cockily
provokes~provoque
incontinent~incontinent
Cormack's~Cormack de
Hatfield~Hatfield
sidetracking~dérives
mentholated~mentholée
overreactions~surréactions
Linda's~Linda
gimme's~gimme's
transnational's~transnationale de
knobbier~knobbier
stopper~bouchon
nonevents~nonevents
hatband~hatband
bigger~plus gros
sandstorm's~Années Sandstorm
catapulting~catapultage
antiphonals~antiphonaires
frontierswoman~frontierswoman
grapefruit~grapefruit
analyst's~analyste de
fir~fir
diamondback's~diamondback's
Shelia's~Shelia de
compactness~compacité
Nicolas's~Années Nicolas
big~gros
Acevedo~Acevedo
converse~converse
skyscraper's~grattes ciels
Nintendo's~Nintendo
affirmations~affirmations
roadway~chaussée
Target~Cible
medicare~l'assurance-maladie
guard's~guard's
fatso~fatso
armours~cuirasses
nonreturnables~nonreturnables
tenderloin's~Années filet mignon
abode's~Abode de
gelling~gelling
yuppifying~yuppifying
scuff's~Années éraflure
marketplace~marché
candlestick's~Le chandelier de
nonadhesive~non adhésive
mounts~supports
peninsulas~péninsules
setting~réglage
nonconsecutive~non consécutifs
leaseback's~cession-bail de
uncapped~non plafonné
discretionary~discretionary
rerun's~exécutez à nouveau de
milking~traite
habit's~habit's
Gladstone's~Gladstone
shave~se raser
RFCs~RFCs
kibbutzes~kibboutz
decorating~decorating
soundness~solidité
commuter's~banlieue de
Cannon~Canon
beige's~beige de
aperitif~apéritif
eventfully~eventfully
nonmilitant~non militante
influenza~grippe
headhunters~headhunters
interject~intervenir
steamrollering~rouleau compresseur
nervous~nerveux
alumni~anciens élèves
sweatpants~les pantalons de survêtement
interrogatories~renseignements
spline~spline
apology~excuses
ramifications~ramifications
enliven~enliven
minuscule~minuscule
hoodwinking~hoodwinking
Vance~Vance
Dwight~Dwight
retyping~refrappe
tropism's~de tropisme
Garfield's~Garfield
squirms~tortille
expedites~expedites
Navajo's~Navajo de
amide~amide
fetishist~fetishist
hybridisation~hybridation
torus~torus
ecologic~ecologic
lithographs~lithographies
statewide~échelle de l'État
backstage's~est dans les coulisses
uncool~pas cool
unto~jusqu'à
madwoman's~de madwoman
resourcefulness's~de débrouillardise
gatherings~gatherings
Zhengzhou~Zhengzhou
Albigensian~albigeoise
segueing~segueing
adrift~à la dérive
donkey's~donkey's
witnessing~témoin
sucrose's~du saccharose
neutraliser's~de neutraliseur
preordaining~preordaining
syntheses~synthèses
curlier~curlier
bidirectionally~bidirectionnellement
potently~puissante
huntress~chasseresse
background's~fond de
dries~dries
snaffle's~Années Snaffle
manifolds~collecteurs
squirmiest~squirmiest
Khwarizmi~Khwarizmi
guidance~guidance
Balearic's~Baléares de
retailers~détaillants
E~E
stodginess~stodginess
hoaxing~canulars
Semite~Sémite
transitivity~transitivité
disks~disks
plastering~plâtrage
impost~impôt
flatter~flatter
bassets~bassets
stoked~attisé
airlines~compagnies aériennes
sheathings~gainages
torquing~torque
alliterations~allitérations
pipework~tuyauterie
crane~crane
sissified~sissified
cloverleaf's~cloverleaf de
drover~drover
rosewood's~bois de rose de
pretext~prétexte
reproduces~reproduit
victor~Victor
Tallahassee's~Tallahassee de
homewrecker~homewrecker
campanology~campanaire
griffins~griffins
whistling~sifflement
ninnies~nigauds
practicals~Travaux pratiques
visually~visuellement
mimicries~mimiques
fabricated~fabricated
cockroaches~les cafards
politburo's~Bureau politique de
Hammerstein~Hammerstein
unpicking~détricotage
pelmet~lambrequin
renaissance's~renaissance de
Hooper's~Hooper
necktie's~années cravate
helpings~resservir
railcard~railcard
spunkier~spunkier
adv~adv
chug's~de teuf
twas~TWAS
cremates~cremates
uneven~inégal
Fragonard~Fragonard
Leiden's~Leiden de
Nichiren's~Années Nichiren
Hope's~L'espoir de
NIH~NIH
signorinas~signorinas
picketer~piqueteur
fornicating~fornicating
attaching~attacher
goldfishes~goldfishes
prescience's~de prescience
everything~everything
escalopes~escalopes
draftees~draftees
methotrexate~méthotrexate
extracts~extracts
licentiousness's~de dévergondage
distilleries~distilleries
negating~négateur
uncomfortable~inconfortable
sectarian~sectaire
swaggering~fanfaronnades
gal's~gal's
Wilcox's~Wilcox
Camus's~Camus
transmogrified~métamorphosés
Muenster's~Münster de
bruises~bleus
cyclotron's~cyclotron's
rescued~sauvé
framer's~framer's
Racine's~Racine
energisers~energisers
intensive~intensif
Hirohito~Hirohito
appraisal~évaluation
dissimulator's~dissimulator's
pyramid~pyramide
friend's~friend's
Claiborne~claiborne
handling~handling
baloney's~de baloney
wagered~misés
Switzerland's~Suisse de
Rigoberto~Rigoberto
Taoists~taoïstes
napalm~napalm
Angora's~angora de
rejoin~rejoindre
playfulness's~de l'espièglerie
socking~socking
teak~teck
nonevent's~nonevent de
pulverisation's~pulverisation de
nunnery~couvent
kirsches~kirsches
sigh~soupir
dunderhead's~dunderhead's
Pearl's~Perles
children~enfants
aromatic's~aromatiques en
sledged~sledged
overheats~Surchauffe
syllabify~décomposer en syllabes
maw's~de Maw
midwife's~sage-femme de
curtsy's~curtsy's
remonstrates~remonstrates
needy~nécessiteux
ire's~ire de
finances~finances
missus~missus
Manhattan's~Manhattan de
cutely~cutely
pausing~mise en pause
billionaire's~Le milliardaire de
ranking~classement
Janine's~Janine
stunt~cascade
minestrone~soupe de légumes avec pâtes
screenplay's~scénario de
mentioned~mentionné
unfulfilled~non tenues
mounted~monté
Gingrich's~Gingrich
flocked~flocked
Guiyang~Guiyang
evader~evader
eagerness's~eagerness's
Wilson's~Wilson
troubleshoots~dépanne
terminology~terminologie
contested~contested
Songhua's~Songhua de
forthcoming~forthcoming
unworthy~indigne
rower~rameur
dwarfed~dwarfed
sultriness~chaleur étouffante
nonexplosives~nonexplosives
ratiocination~ratiocination
soundboards~soundboards
regular~ordinaire
hygrometer~hygromètre
merciful~miséricordieux
pharmaceutics~Pharmaceutics
kaffeeklatsch~Kaffeeklatsch
postnatal~postnatal
centralised~centralisé
convectional~convectional
duvet's~duvet's
totter~chanceler
chapatti~chapati
Constantine's~de Constantin
trickster~filou
peignoir~peignoir
disgorging~disgorging
friskiness~friskiness
implosion~implosion
spokespeople~porte-paroles
inhospitably~inhospitalière
jigged~jigged
he'll~enfer
tachometers~tachymètres
periodicity's~périodicité de
bemuse~déconcerter
watermark~filigrane
fancifulness~fancifulness
perpetuating~perpétuant
rissoles~rissoles
inundations~inondations
traces~traces
peppercorn~grain de poivre
inexplicably~inexplicablement
poetry's~la poésie de
misleading~trompeur
haggardness's~haggardness's
sunshiny~sunshiny
impersonal~impersonnel
fiestas~fiestas
Park~parc
impotency~impuissance
meantime's~Entre-temps de
phylactery's~de phylactère
percussion~percussion
stewards~intendants
headlines~titres
corteges~corteges
charades~charades
bogymen~bogymen
zit's~de zit
cannibalism's~cannibalisme de
jealousy's~la jalousie de
cynic's~cynic's
lazier~lazier
epicureans~epicureans
Corning~Corning
guards~guards
sheriff's~shérif
Norton~Norton
refutations~réfutations
foundation~foundation
setters~setters
workmanship's~fabrication de
coincides~coïncide
sticker's~autocollant de
wiggliest~wiggliest
absently~distraitement
starchiest~starchiest
spirochaete~spirochète
ossifying~ossifiante
redecorating~redécorer
Krakatoa's~Krakatoa de
schnooks~schnooks
concretion's~de concrétion
overdress~robe-chasuble
eclat's~eclat's
Shea~Shea
nightwear's~vêtements de nuit de
jets~jets
moldboard's~socs de
hazing~bizutage
surrey~surrey
sporran~sporran
compounding~compoundage
skinning~skinning
verities~vérités
overextended~débordés
ebullition~ebullition
pervaded~pénétrée
cussedly~cussedly
Mameluke~mamelouk
stertorous~stertoreux
housewife~femme au foyer
satisfies~satisfait
cronies~cronies
agreeableness~agreeableness
pointer's~pointeur de
Creon~Creon
speechwriter~rédacteur de discours
wainwrights~charron
Comintern's~Komintern de
Fields's~champs de
waved~agitaient
superman's~superman de
mimics~imitateurs
limeade's~limeade de
reiterate~réitérer
perspires~transpire
Rushmore's~Rushmore de
disillusion~disillusion
Theodoric~Théodoric
snowed~neigé
collectables~objets de collection
maximum's~son maximum
morpheme~morphème
marl's~marnes de
kaddish's~Années Kaddish
schnitzel's~Années Schnitzel
exosphere~exosphere
humphing~humphing
tenuity~ténuité
gymnastically~gymnastically
posties~postiers
blueprinting~blueprinting
Havarti~Havarti
damn's~damn's
yanking~Emmener
unhealthier~unhealthier
handball~handball
poss~évt
suitableness's~de suitableness
propelling~propulsive
nervously~nerveusement
perforates~perfore
obtainment's~de l'obtention
profundity~profondeur
terrace~terrasse
propositional~propositionnelle
bovines~bovidés
repeatable~répétables
Zubenelgenubi's~Zubenelgenubi de
summarised~résumé
breakers~disjoncteurs
trampler~piétineuse
succession's~la succession de
daylights's~daylights's
correction's~correction's
wool's~de laine
Sergio~Sergio
Athene's~Athene de
cannonade~canonnade
purifiers~purificateurs
supervised~supervisé
radioactivity~radioactivité
intolerably~intolérablement
assertive~péremptoire
decapitations~decapitations
mercies~miséricordes
beech~hêtre
hygienist's~hygiéniste du
disorientates~disorientates
Idaho's~l'Idaho
sunniness's~de ensoleillement
Mickie's~Mickie de
tablets~comprimés
Canute~Canute
Lorene's~lorene de
Tom's~Tom
befits~il sied
sweatshops~sweatshops
regalement's~regalement de
sexiest~le plus sexy
sanitarian~sanitaire
coloured's~couleur de
stock's~Stock de
alphabetisation~alphabetisation
womanliness's~de womanliness
interdependence's~l'interdépendance de
awes~AWES
consolidator's~de consolidateur
thatch~chaume
wharves~quais
minimal~minimal
Moon's~lune de
soothe~apaiser
Babels~Babels
mobsters~truands
alights~vient se poser
sufficiency's~suffisance de
beyond~au-delà
Azov's~Azov de
anecdotal~anecdotique
Rolodex's~Années Rolodex
chaos's~chaos de
Rachel~Rachel
lynx~Lynx
lubbers~Lubbers
finisher's~finisher's
crazies~crazies
nontaxable~non taxable
futility's~futility's
Thoroughbred~De race
peoples~peuples
Sheraton~Sheraton
heartache's~chagrin d'amour de
ninetieth's~DIXIÈME de
interrogatory~interrogatoire
antechambers~antichambres
burgers~hamburgers
carotene's~carotène de
driven~driven
Babylonian~babylonien
expiration's~expiration's
relabelled~réétiqueté
furry~furry
fulminating~fulminating
creativeness~creativeness
staggering~échelonnement
lavishness's~de prodigalité
WNW's~ONO de
railwaymen~cheminots
dramatisation~dramatisation
hydrogenated~hydrogéné
sandcastle's~Années Sandcastle
enable~enable
defeat's~defeat's
Yuma's~Yuma de
Tharp's~Tharp de
dentists~dentists
declares~declares
geographer's~geographer's
typewriter~machine à écrire
Kohl's~Kohl
extortionist's~extortionist's
patrolwoman~Patrolwoman
rhetorician~rhéteur
lunch's~déjeuner de
Aeneas~Énée
refitting~radoub
urological~urologique
greeter's~greeter's
loiterer's~de flâneur
Lane's~Lane
violate~violer
effort~effort
dejecting~dejecting
chaffinch~pinson
consignments~envois
coccus~coccus
Atwood~Atwood
who'll~qui va
pastern~paturon
dramatics's~dramatics's
wood's~les bois
yukked~yukked
baleful~funeste
intimation~intimation
Ebeneezer~ebeneezer
olfactory's~olfactives de
nexuses~nexus
torrent~torrent
potato~pomme de terre
transgress~transgresser
stylises~stylise
forbids~forbids
perusal~lecture
revaluations~révaluations
sandhog's~Années Sandhog
IVF~fécondation in vitro
raid~raid
Holly's~holly
diarrhoea's~diarrhoea's
Vlaminck's~Vlaminck de
graced~graced
telephonist~téléphoniste
Roslyn~Roslyn
scathing~cinglant
investigator~enquêteur
weaving's~tissage de
warrantying~warrantying
tokens~jetons
obstruction~obstruction
pugilism's~de pugilism
Rudyard~Rudyard
enthroning~enthroning
crock's~crock's
growling~growling
bellowing~mugissement
quandary's~de situation embarrassante
lampblack's~de lampblack
Peiping's~Peiping de
Zapotec's~zapotèque de
diagrammatically~diagrammatically
diagnosis~diagnosis
humanities's~Années humaines
banteringly~goguenard
osteoporosis's~de l'ostéoporose
ingresses~ingrès
boat~bateau
cryptically~cryptically
Warner's~Warner
phonographs~phonographes
puzzler's~de jeu de réflexion
catnap's~catnap de
hastiest~hastiest
reportage's~de reportage
misreadings~la mauvaise interprétation
others~autres
scoots~scoots
unfair~injuste
highway's~route de
Photostatted~photocopié
depth~depth
streets~des rues
urbanisation's~l'urbanisation de
bankbook~livret de banque
sulfa's~sulfamides de
ankhs~ankhs
Chippewas~Chippewas
contraction's~contraction's
divest~divest
lookalikes~se ressemblent
Mercurochrome~mercurochrome
complexion~complexion
Lydia~Lydia
RCA~RCA
objecting~objectant
fine's~fine's
Chandon's~Chandon de
validly~valablement
unmerited~imméritée
bruise's~hématome de
carafe~carafe
mustiness~odeur de moisi
sluiced~sluice
carthorse's~de carthorse
semicircle~demi-cercle
preventives~prophylactiques
beaker's~bécher de
watermill~moulin à eau
context's~context's
doges~doges
caped~caped
shoemakers~cordonniers
hog's~HOG
pulse's~impulsion de
Cl~Cl
barrio's~barrio de
pacifically~pacifiquement
subsiding~subsidence
fustian~fustian
burlesques~burlesques
demise~demise
Vladimir's~de Vladimir
lawlessness's~de non-droit
vibrantly~vibrantly
unexciting~peu passionnant
Matisse~Matisse
Honshu~Honshu
laxness's~de laxisme
deflate~deflate
untactful~untactful
vhf~vhf
exclusivity's~exclusivity's
Assamese's~Années Assamais
chocoholic's~chocoholic de
narrators~narrateurs
virtuously~vertueusement
remigrate~nouvelle migration
inaugural's~de première édition
alpaca's~alpagas de
amoeba~amibe
cheques~chèques
placating~apaisant
edibility~edibility
physician~médecin
texture's~Sa texture
NR~NR
turbulence~turbulence
stronghold's~bastion de
blunderbuss~tromblon
dastards~dastards
Casanova~Casanova
payer~payeur
wattle's~Années clayonnage
bankrupt's~de faillite
realty~bien immobilier
offspring~progéniture
reengaged~rengagé
sauna~sauna
grit~grit
slayer~tueuse
doglegs~doglegs
throws~lancers francs
newsgroup's~newsgroup de
Mbabane~Mbabane
insinuate~insinuer
bray's~bray de
golfs~golfs
crochet~crochet
Clive's~Clive de
templates~modèles
rattier~Rattier
Ponce's~Ponce de
deterred~deterred
instr~instr
hocking~Hocking
snowdrops~Perce-neige
swell's~houle de
alchemist~alchimiste
bullets~balles
dingbat's~dingbat's
grail~grail
autocratically~autocratiquement
rebukes~réprimandes
Therese's~de Thérèse
Elma's~Elma
chimed~Carillons
postmistresses~receveuses
Beauvoir~Beauvoir
reactant~réactif
Novokuznetsk's~Novokuznetsk de
Paiute~paiute
curliness's~curliness's
hutch~clapier
armament's~de l'armement
Hakka's~Hakka de
chequebooks~chéquiers
gazetting~gazetting
scrupling~scrupule
infighting's~de luttes intestines
raillery~badinage
formlessly~formlessly
bothering~prendre la peine
Borg's~Borg de
overindulging~overindulging
plumed~empanaché
beverages~boissons
gloomily~gloomily
CPU~CPU
cropping~cropping
Agana~Agana
Viola's~Viola
Sasquatches~Sasquatch
coronal's~coronal's
swatter's~Années tapette
Vicky~Vicky
sunbathing's~bains de soleil de
denunciations~denunciations
Batista~Batista
action's~actes
Mead's~Mead
letterboxes~letterboxes
brittler~brittler
HMO's~HMO
beekeeping~apiculture
serving~portion
Sahel's~Sahel de
groundsheets~groundsheets
pizzeria's~pizzeria de
possession~possession
gallivanting~gallivanting
doctrines~doctrines
ado~ado
Roberto's~Roberto de
gagged~gagged
Pluto's~Pluton
almoner~assistant social
forensic~forensic
weenie~Weenie
Miaplacidus's~Années Miaplacidus
role's~les rôles
essays~essays
reproaches~reproches
quenchers~désactivateurs
Ubuntu~Ubuntu
eastbound~eastbound
Wallace's~Wallace
efficaciously~efficaciously
washiest~washiest
crag~crag
bpm~bpm
Bic~bic
emoticons~emoticons
dreaming~dreaming
kisser's~kisser de
effort's~effort's
lacklustre~atone
furloughed~furloughed
Chernenko~Tchernenko
ringers~sonneries
travelogue's~carnet de route de
gynaecologist's~gynaecologist's
barrack~caserne
homo~homo
Delmonico~Delmonico
diminish~diminish
Jermaine's~Jermaine de
nibbled~grignoté
ruptured~rupture
openhandedness~libéralité
Swiss's~suisse de
fishpond~fishpond
boilers~chaudières
implements~met en oeuvre
impoverishing~appauvrissante
spiffs~spiffs
udder's~mamelles de
loaded~chargé
pictorial's~pictural de
motile~motiles
grandparent's~grandparent's
lowercase~minuscule
casual~décontractée
Khyber~Khyber
lets~permet
Jenifer~Jenifer
tideland's~tideland de
quarrel~querelle
faker~faker
unworldliness's~unworldliness de
Urquhart's~Urquhart de
raiment~vêtements
helmet's~du casque
terapixel's~Années terapixel
untaught~ignorant
violinists~violonistes
inbreeding's~endogamie de
okay's~va bien
Chesapeake~Chesapeake
underacted~underacted
cornfields~cornfields
mushrooming~prolifération
gummed~gummed
primping~pomponner
friable~friable
paraplegia~paraplégie
Upjohn's~Upjohn de
sentinel's~sentinelles de
Burt's~Burt
conspiracies~conspirations
Eumenides~Euménides
chuckle~glousser
disenchant~disenchant
addressee~destinataire
cringe~cringe
buzzer's~buzzer de
Suzette~Suzette
bankrolls~bankrolls
ratify~ratifier
Pleistocene's~Pléistocène de
laminating~stratification
new's~nouvelles
nosedive~plongeon
delicateness~delicateness
cc~cc
mailed~envoyé par la poste
pirouetted~pirouetté
nutritionists~nutritionnistes
bollocking~engueuler
cagoules~cagoules
Mentholatum~Mentholatum
fiat's~fiat's
contrarianism~contrarianism
outflows~sorties
trouped~trouped
upstrokes~déliés
twilit~crépusculaire
intonations~intonations
scallop's~escalopes
Croatians~Croates
befuddlement~befuddlement
trays~plateaux
superusers~superutilisateurs
booed~hué
Delia~Delia
weekend's~fins de semaine
reconcilable~conciliables
lobbed~lobé
Pinkerton's~Pinkerton
different~different
postdates~grossesse prolongée
harbour's~harbour's
refinished~revernir
brunettes~brunettes
Dunant's~Dunant
fusilier's~fusilier's
occupied~occupé
marriage~mariage
tunny's~tunny de
metatarsal's~métatarsien de
edible's~edible's
Caspar's~Caspar de
Polk's~Polk de
France~France
Me~Moi
flatfooted~flatfooted
disarrangement's~disarrangement's
hectare~hectare
evolve~evolve
sledgehammer~marteau de forgeron
pretested~prétestée
bundles~liasses
disinfect~disinfect
distractions~distractions
bugaboo~croque-mitaine
humanise~humaniser
spa's~les thermes
Paraguayan~paraguayen
vulnerable~vulnérable
trailblazer's~Trail Blazers
embedding~embedding
larch~mélèze
storage~espace de rangement
hobbyhorse~loisir d'équitation
shakeup's~shakeup de
rustiness's~de rustiness
yearns~aspire
emergence~emergence
D's~D's
Pruitt~Pruitt
domiciliary~domiciliary
valuate~valoriser
parathyroid's~parathyroïdienne de
standby's~de veille
Waterloos~Waterloos
Eire's~eire de
acre~acre
Agrippina~Agrippine
entitling~entitling
chugs~Chugs
Falklands~malouines
cushy~cushy
disorderliness's~disorderliness's
mick~mick
Veblen's~Veblen
photographed~photographié
Dane's~Dane
Ryan~Ryan
clothing's~de vêtements
Phoenicia~Phénicie
pomander's~Années pomander
redeploying~redéployer
capsular~capsulaire
swank~esbroufe
arrive~arrivée
luxuriously~luxueusement
haricots~haricots
Coward's~Lâches
evangelise~evangelise
shakeup~secouer
nebular~nebular
schemed~manigancé
Souths~Suds
oncogene's~oncogène de
positiveness~positivité
orders~ordres
Justice~Justice
Eritrea~Érythrée
foreknowing~foreknowing
radius~rayon
cliff's~falaise de
legalised~légalisé
junco's~Junco de
insensibility's~de l'insensibilité
waterboardings~waterboardings
bobsledders~bobeurs
coughed~coughed
padded~rembourré
bonbon's~bonbons
whizkid~whizkid
Downs~Downs
highways~autoroutes
Velma's~Velma de
habitue~habitue
denounce~denounce
vindictively~vindicativement
domain~domain
unlimbering~unlimbering
Capulet's~Capulet de
plummets~dégringole
tribute~hommage
bighorn's~Bighorn de
letdown's~de déception
arbitrary~arbitraire
It~Il
stopgaps~pis-aller
midi's~midi de
indecisiveness~indécision
viscose~viscose
conversations~conversations
outstrip~dépasser
disputation's~disputation's
Armando's~Armando
gymkhana~gymkhana
Canadianism~Canadianism
wedge~coin
definitely~definitely
terribleness~terribleness
parqueting~parquetage
hockshops~hockshops
Clinton's~Clinton
aura's~Années d'aura
censurers~censeurs
emulsified~emulsified
posthypnotic~posthypnotique
rhapsodies~Rhapsodies
Martha~Martha
miscasts~déforme la
reproducible~reproductible
peep's~peep de
Rooney's~Rooney
afghan's~de l'Afghanistan
falsifications~falsifications
nightshirt's~de chemise de nuit
Simon's~Simon
Ann's~Ann
woodcarvings~sculptures sur bois
offhand~dégagé
catalyse~catalyser
swifter~plus rapide
indispensability~indispensabilité
undignified~indigne
Macedonia~Macédoine
disbursing~disbursing
outworked~travaillé plus
angioplasty's~angioplastie de
suckle~téter
Easters~easters
lookout~Attention
inrush~afflux
Stolypin~Stolypine
cilantro~coriandre
jigsaw's~puzzle de
countertenor~countertenor
roadhouses~restoroutes
hoaxed~mystifié
freaked~freaked
dahlia~dahlia
rulings~décisions
perversity~perversité
lavatory's~de toilettes
pink~rose
verifies~vérifie
roman's~roman de
probes~sondes
petrolatum's~pétrolatum de
dasher~dasher
malfunction~mauvais fonctionnement
affability's~affabilité de
surpassing~incomparable
Ashcroft~Ashcroft
Benchley~Benchley
mayfly~éphémère
hummingbird's~colibri
cello~violoncelle
destructiveness~destructiveness
infidel~infidèle
scotch~scotch
fabricating~fabricating
subsidiaries~filiales
steamfitting's~Fumisterie de
Day~journée
toupee~postiche
cupping~cupping
Potomac~Potomac
entanglement's~entanglement's
slenderer~élancées
impassiveness~impassibilité
unfairly~injustement
chronology's~chronologie de
bulletproof~blindé
coercive~coercitif
rote~rote
anathema~anathème
hyperbola~hyperbole
creoles~creoles
spinsterhood's~de spinsterhood
rage's~rage de
revise~réviser
sailboarding's~sailboarding de
actuate~actionner
implementer~réalisateur
rarefy~raréfier
bounce's~rebond de
thunderstruck~abasourdi
Mercury~mercure
Acosta~Acosta
fists~fists
tauntingly~railleur
Charmaine's~Charmaine de
cholera~choléra
enamelling~enamelling
chinchilla's~chinchilla de
silly's~idiot de
precast~éléments préfabriqués
urbanises~urbanise
pricking~picotement
fiddlers~fiddlers
hunger~faim
infallible~infaillible
backcombs~backcombs
upthrust~poussée vers le haut
newsgirl~newsgirl
Asiatic's~asiatique de
crablike~crablike
glorified~glorified
woodchucks~marmottes
raid's~Raid de
complimenting~complimentant
Patterson~Patterson
Chelyabinsk's~Chelyabinsk de
larboard's~babord de
Boise's~Boise de
dickeys~dickeys
pickerel's~pickerel de
juridic~Juridic
dazed~dazed
cowpoke~cowpoke
masterminded~échafaudé
Koran~Coran
Gable's~Gable de
relaxant's~de décontractant
photoing~photoing
deaconess~deaconess
rosebush's~rosebush de
bacterium~bactérie
Hellenise~helléniser
hydroelectrically~hydroelectrically
scalloped~festonnée
reptile's~reptile de
nevi~naevus
interchange~échange
abandon~abandonner
scalene~scalène
virtuoso~virtuose
whitetail's~le cerf de Virginie de
optimistic~optimiste
underwater~sous-marin
humanitarianism~humanitarisme
birded~birded
repeatedly~à plusieurs reprises
agelessly~agelessly
dialogue's~dialogue's
stagecraft's~Années Scénographie
tailspin's~chute libre de
turboprop~turbopropulseurs
fairway's~fairway's
standstill~arrêt
gradients~gradients
essayed~essayed
bruin's~Bruin de
diplomacy~diplomacy
less~Moins
messiness's~de messiness
thus~Ainsi
Atlases~Atlases
studentships~studentships
flirtatiousness's~flirtatiousness's
polysyllable's~polysyllabe de
orbit's~orbite de
Potsdam~Potsdam
offender's~délinquant de
respells~respells
fossilisation~fossilisation
irrelevancies~inconséquences
archness~malice
radioisotope's~radioisotopes de
discontinues~discontinues
hovered~plané
cheque~vérifier
nothingness~le néant
leader~chef
inheritor's~de héritier
superpower~superpuissance
wordbook~wordbook
refrigerators~réfrigérateurs
megs~mégas
publish~publier
quarterdeck~plage arrière
amputate~amputer
porky~porky
overachieving~overachieving
preponderates~emporte
couched~couched
strike's~grèves
Decatur~Decatur
Colby~Colby
Honorable~Honorable
mothered~materner
Monique's~de Monique
examine~examine
err~err
tightropes~tightropes
discreet~discreet
risibility's~de caractère drôle
sanctimoniously~benoîtement
Elysian~élyséen
prizefighter~Prizefighter
tatamis~tatamis
bonehead's~crétin de
timestamps~horodatages
seaworthiness~état de navigabilité
declines~declines
straitening~opprimer
Moog's~Moog
pommels~pommeaux
peck~picorer
Hewlett~Hewlett
benzene's~le benzène de
prisms~prismes
ludicrousness's~de ludicrousness
nickname~surnom
deforested~deforested
flysheet~flysheet
Mafia~Mafia
antedated~antidaté
dandelion's~dandelion's
pace~rythme
naggers~enquiquineurs
correspondence~correspondence
logout's~de fermeture de session
overcapitalising~overcapitalising
Lott's~Lott de
swirling~tournoiement
isles~îles
Jove~Jupiter
embroilment's~embroilment's
licking's~lèche
sim's~sim de
harmonised~harmonisée
expurgate~expurgate
handcrafting~handcrafting
burden~charge
reserves~réserves
noncommunicable~non communicable
furrier~furrier
carobs~caroubes
muralist's~de muraliste
Molotov's~Molotov de
trike~trike
outlived~survécu
depriving~depriving
Excalibur's~Excalibur de
categorises~catégorise
jacquard's~jacquard de
ascertainable~déterminable
materialists~matérialistes
rewarm~Réchauffer
domestics~domestics
airstrike's~Frappes aériennes
bacchanals~bacchanales
Wooster's~Wooster de
arrives~arrive
detectors~detectors
damson's~damson's
Hakluyt~Hakluyt
incommunicable~incommunicable
nationalities~nationalités
jailed~emprisonné
hybrid's~hybride de
unwound~dévidé
papas~Papas
Ontario's~Ontario de
salespersons~vendeurs
wade~patauger
Florida~Floride
fearfulness's~fearfulness's
installation~installation
faves~faves
Platonic~platonique
ISO's~l'ISO
mam~mam
Adana~Adana
unimaginatively~unimaginatively
negligee~négligé
Sakha's~Sakha de
dragonfly~dragonfly
pegboard~pegboard
overslept~trop dormi
thieves~voleurs
commiserated~commisération
fragmentation~fragmentation
incremental~incrémentale
scaly~écailleux
aviatrices~aviatrices
shortcuts~raccourcis
butterscotch~caramel dur au beurre
shadiest~plus ombragé
counselled~counselled
Cree's~Cris de
malefaction's~malefaction de
reduplication~redoublement
sci~science
sine's~sinus de
takeover~prendre le contrôle
grubbers~grubbers
Wells's~Wells de
wagon~wagon
Bruneian's~bruneian de
swamped~débordés
militarisation's~la militarisation de
capitalist~capitaliste
tattiest~tattiest
vesicle's~vésiculaire de
binomials~binômes
gussy~gussy
remonstrance's~de remontrance
surmising~suppositions
reconquering~reconquérant
synergism~synergisme
Putnam~Putnam
candy's~de bonbons
muumuus~muumuus
tromps~tromps
Apocrypha's~apocryphe de
wily~rusé
vibrator's~vibrateur de
meritoriously~méritoirement
encyclopedic~encyclopedic
oestrus~oestrus
grunted~grunted
enslave~enslave
carps~carpes
transcendence~transcendance
japans~japans
appearances~les apparences
penalty's~peine de
children's~d'enfant
concordant~concordant
verily~en vérité
brandy~Cognac
texts~des textes
misogyny's~misogynie de
dubbing~dubbing
overemphasising~surestimant
chenille's~chenillé de
accordion's~accordéon de
wideness~largeur
vacuole's~vacuole de
interchanged~échangée
virologists~virologues
Hangul~Hangul
egalitarian's~egalitarian's
preference~préférence
underfur~underfur
Proserpina's~Proserpine de
introits~introïts
index's~indice de
scurrilous~grossier
elvish~elvish
duodenum's~duodenum's
marrieds~marrieds
Higgins's~Higgins de
industrialises~industrialise
plotters~comploteurs
tragic~tragique
antiques~antiquités
warmness's~Années warmness
fulmination~fulmination
tenement's~de tènement
scoops~écopes
spokesmen~porte-parole
Philly~Philly
gloving~gloving
sagaciously~sagace
nominator~proposeur
boost~renforcer
boulevard's~boulevard de
Democritus's~Démocrite de
crunchiness~crunchiness
Faulkner's~Faulkner
readout~lire à haute voix
Diego~Diego
cutout~cutout
Joycean~joycienne
humanism's~de l'humanisme
animation's~animation de
downwards~downwards
jade's~jade de
marshals~maréchaux
shalt~tu
kilometres~kilomètres
weakness~la faiblesse
marquee~chapiteau
outnumber~plus nombreux
conversed~conversed
expatriation~expatriation
coked~coké
creosote's~creosote's
makeups~makeups
branding~l'image de marque
Southwest~sud-ouest
interspersing~entremêlant
uraemic~urémique
Delphinus's~Delphinus de
amputee~amputé
juggling~jonglerie
pubes's~Années pubis
graffiti~graffiti
hourglass~Sablier
homesickness~mal du pays
Fredric~Fredric
Mormonism~mormonisme
forty's~forty's
Orly~Orly
fill's~fill's
tarnished~ternie
bibulous~aviné
connectable~connectable
inventory~inventaire
Buddhists~bouddhistes
ulna's~cubitus de
urbanity's~urbanité de
tantalising~alléchant
jalopy's~tacot de
Topsy's~de Topsy
shatter's~voler en éclats de
Sheryl's~Sheryl de
patriarchate~patriarcat
supplications~suppliques
resuscitators~réanimateurs
Occam~Occam
eminence~eminence
draughtsmanship~draughtsmanship
maintenance~entretien
clandestine~clandestin
nubby~nubby
Nyerere's~Nyerere de
syllabubs~syllabubs
portal~portail
banal~banal
courageousness~courageousness
solvers~solveurs
backdoor~porte de derrière
toothbrush~brosse à dents
humanoids~humanoides
preternaturally~surnaturellement
barnacle's~Barnacle de
projector~projecteur
adders~sommateurs
photography~la photographie
Pontchartrain's~Pontchartrain de
pinhole~trou d'épingle
Grinch's~Grinch de
pals~pals
Tulsa~Tulsa
fauvist's~fauvist's
concisely~de façon concise
outset's~début de
schnozzle~schnozzle
ballpoint~à bille
suggestiveness's~de suggestivité
escorting~escorting
jointly~conjointement
provenience~provenience
gerund's~gerund's
cheapskate~rapiat
mulled~chaud
reins~rênes
goggle's~goggle's
quesadillas~Quesadillas
hemline's~de Hemline
harden~harden
swelling~gonflement
Mich's~Mich de
epicure~epicure
randomness's~de caractère aléatoire
piazzas~piazzas
quinine's~de quinine
pwns~pwns
abominable~abominable
frogman's~frogman's
Terra~Terra
antithetical~antithétique
Gerber~Gerber
trenchancy~trenchancy
scrappy~décousu
stoking~attisant
rebuking~réprimande
ell~ell
ballsier~ballsier
allegoric~allégorique
Ara's~Années Ara
hydrofoils~hydrofoils
celebrant~célébrant
debugs~debugs
milkman's~de crémier
Juanita's~Juanita de
engagingly~engagingly
Constable~Gendarme
Arline~Arline
turgidity's~de turgescence
hardheartedly~hardheartedly
tubful~tubful
Adrian's~Adrian de
foster~foster
legitimate~légitime
corps~corps
trireme's~trireme de
Stephen~Stephen
pupate~se métamorphoser
meta~méta
Amman~Amman
badger's~Badger de
flash's~flash's
stairway's~escalier de
Excedrin's~Excedrin de
hoarding~palissade
sinus's~sinus de
reverberation~réverbération
Blythe~Blythe
incipiently~incipiently
festooned~festooned
Bono's~Bono
appendectomy's~de l'appendicite
prodigal's~prodigues de
policy~politique
partaking~prenant part
Carpathians's~Carpathes de
overexerting~surmener
attorneys~Avocats
exhilarate~exhilarate
trombones~Trombones
recounted~recomptés
blacked~noirci
instanced~instancié
vacuole~vacuole
cousin~cousin
width~largeur
defensively~defensively
nightshirts~chemises de nuit
mispronounce~mispronounce
ventilation~ventilation
colder~plus froid
stumpiest~stumpiest
deprecatingly~deprecatingly
hemlock~ciguë
basketballs~ballons de basket
intensified~intensifiant
amortise~amortir
you's~vous est
poincianas~poincianas
policymakers~créateurs de politiques
gulden's~gulden's
jurisprudence's~la jurisprudence de
procurer~proxénète
afterlife~vie après la mort
cheeseparing~pingre
Hartline~Hartline
redness~rougeur
relinquishment~abandon
indwelt~habité
jerkiness's~de saccades
ladylike~distinguée
enthralling~enthralling
brokenheartedly~brokenheartedly
disrespecting~disrespecting
emaciation~emaciation
rape's~de viol
heavers~Heavers
clump's~bouquet de
Ellis~Ellis
titmice~mésanges
sloven's~sloven de
rectum's~rectum de
procreate~procréer
thong's~vètements
Hayden~Hayden
abalone's~de l'ormeau
Oct~Oct
inviolability's~inviolabilité de
demists~demists
europium's~europium's
softballs~softballs
Marcia~Marcia
illimitable~illimité
rebelling~se rebeller
Alabamian~Alabamian
aid~aide
pups~chiots
Anselm~Anselm
arbitrator's~aRBITRE
prairies~prairies
Zoroaster~Zoroastre
pigeonholed~catalogués
climactic~culminante
executors~executors
valuation~évaluation
Livia~Livia
Caucasoid~Caucasoid
herbage's~herbage de
Saatchi~Saatchi
blackbirds~merles
stoner's~stoner de
neurological~neurologique
cylindrical~cylindrical
demurring~demurring
Manchester's~Manchester de
rabbi~rabbin
tulle~tulle
grouper's~grouper's
indexer~indexeur
veggies~légumes
contrariety~contrariety
styles~modes
bedecks~bedecks
Thimbu's~Thimbu de
inflammability~inflammabilité
disenfranchising~disenfranchising
psalm~psaume
Arnold~Arnold
hedgers~contrepartistes
etymologies~etymologies
soliciting~solliciter
subtotalling~sous-totaux
underground~souterrain
shrubberies~bocages
unscrupulousness~unscrupulousness
neophyte~néophyte
misguidedly~malencontreusement
skydives~skydives
bream's~brème de
defectives~defectives
HPV~HPV
Freda~Freda
blurb's~texte de présentation de
incomprehensibility's~de incompréhensibilité
garrisoning~garrisoning
bottlers~embouteilleurs
skulduggery's~skulduggery de
ruled~gouverné
dismissal's~dismissal's
watchmaking~horlogerie
slag~scories
Tokyo's~Tokyo de
chicest~chicest
expeditions~expeditions
administrate~administrer
bucolic~bucolique
Torahs~Torahs
humbug's~fumiste de
wanks~branle
manipulated~manipulé
hijab's~hijab de
wilted~fanées
ash's~cendres de
fawn's~fawn's
actuated~actionnés
Alyson's~Alyson de
Camden~Camden
chlorofluorocarbons~chlorofluorocarbones
windburn~windburn
local~local
dynamism~dynamism
unsightly~disgracieux
skateboarding's~Planche à roulettes de
signors~des cosignataires
grooved~grooved
chemotherapeutic~chimiothérapeutique
viol's~Années violes
mean~signifier
bravado~bravade
antagonisms~antagonismes
raising~élevage
sectarianism's~de sectarisme
leaned~se pencha
regimen~régime
surefire~infaillible
unscrupulousness's~unscrupulousness de
vent~conduit
rennin~rénine
recooked~recooked
Triton~Triton
nos~nos
blindfolding~les yeux bandés
ammo's~munitions de
vittles~vittles
blissfulness's~de blissfulness
Varese's~Varese de
floored~floored
tabs~onglets
misinform~mal renseigner
concordance~concordance
figurative~figurative
persuades~persuade
subtly~subtilement
canvasser~placier
urbanologist~urbanologist
redolent~parfumé
avowal's~de aveu
straitens~les restreint
yuck~beurk
blinking~clignotant
protester~protestataire
gradualism~gradualism
rube's~Rube de
thesauri~thesaurus
road~route
ostriches~autruches
contrapuntally~contrapuntally
urogenital~urogénital
investigated~enquête
admonitions~admonestations
kneecap's~rotule de
pronouncement~déclaration
Nigerien's~nigerien de
chapter's~chapitre de
ablating~ablater
litigant's~du justiciable
reaches~atteint
Iowan's~iowan de
fie~fie
snoot~nez
literals~littéraux
factions~factions
tactical~tactique
rubbished~rubbished
dramatising~dramatising
devilment's~devilment's
Devanagari~Devanagari
pace's~le rythme de
excuses~excuses
headscarves~port du voile
accuser's~accusatrice de
Sukkot~Souccot
selloff~vente massive
aspersions~aspersions
videophones~visiophones
thoroughbred~de race
lest~de peur de
Psyche~Psyché
mulligatawny~mulligatawny
signatories~signataires
prizefights~prizefights
Grable~Grable
steadfastness~immuabilité
transcribes~transcrit
Adonis's~Adonis de
radarscope~radarscope
nevus~naevus
swaddled~emmailloté
republican~républicain
BASIC~DE BASE
abrasive~abrasif
Goldilocks's~Boucle d'or des années
practices~les pratiques
criterion~criterion
racist~raciste
smelting~fonte
Capitol~Capitole
venom's~venin de
micrometre's~micrométrique de
gamin's~gamin's
reactions~réactions
highwaymen~coupeurs de route
blacklist~liste noire
Arkhangelsk~Arkhangelsk
annuity~rente
judiciaries~systèmes judiciaires
Silvia~Silvia
armistice's~armistice de
misconducted~mal conduit
hard~hard
Snickers~Snickers
stripey~stripey
awarded~décerné
unspeakably~indiciblement
diametrical~diametrical
potlucks~potlucks
disarranges~disarranges
slouchy~slouchy
refreshments's~rafraîchissements de
hovel's~de masure
liquidates~liquidée
leopardesses~leopardesses
Hotpoint's~Hotpoint de
Alphonso's~Alphonso de
quizzer's~quizzer de
stolons~stolons
rejiggered~rejiggered
beavers~castors
glowered~glowered
automated~automatique
staircase's~escalier de
fragilest~fragilest
PowerPC~PowerPC
junk~Camelote
flamage~flamage
greenbacks~greenbacks
gazed~gazed
confrere's~confrère de
mysterious~mystérieux
airship's~dirigeable de
Arno's~Arno de
homophone's~de homophone
gab's~gab's
imminence's~de l'imminence
surfboarded~surfboarded
overlapped~chevauchées
CCU~CCU
emulsifies~emulsifies
withdrawal~Retrait
blackleg~blackleg
whinger~pleurnichard
dial's~dial's
billfold's~billfold de
vanishes~disparaît
ensures~ensures
pewee's~Années pewee
deploying~deploying
Ryan's~Ryan
Caedmon's~Caedmon de
zeroes~zéros
dogcatcher's~dogcatcher's
gradation's~gradation's
outre~outré
chipolatas~chipolatas
outproduced~outproduced
epigraph's~epigraph's
Buchenwald's~Buchenwald de
Sloan~Sloan
curry's~curry's
dredged~dredged
etiologies~etiologies
serialisation~sérialisation
pickle~cornichon
carrycot~landau
ascent's~ascension de
madhouse's~de madhouse
Moors~Maures
explored~explored
incapability~incapacité
lightening~éclairage
saner~Saner
Lavoisier~Lavoisier
screed~laïus
Rostropovich~Rostropovich
wildebeests~gnous
revolutionaries~révolutionnaires
revel~se délecter
whelping~whelping
Marilyn~Marilyn
baker's~boulanger
scrutineer~scrutateur
physique's~physique de
habituation's~habituation's
keys~clés
clime's~de clime
Seljuk~seldjoukide
nutrias~ragondins
ivory's~ivoire de
bitingly~d'un ton mordant
grotesque's~grotesque's
troops~troupes
coordinator's~coordinator's
radiant~radiant
builder~constructeur
tautologically~tautologique
Hermes's~Hermes de
seismographer~sismographe
mope's~Années morfondre
endorphin~endorphin
elaborates~elaborates
Hansel's~Hansel de
Ottawas~Ottawas
Cross~Traverser
snapshots~instantanés
potluck's~repas-partage de
Marie's~Marie de
reacquainted~reacquainted
astronauts~astronautes
providence~Providence
ambushed~embusqué
torpidly~torpidly
edamame~edamame
Flanagan~Flanagan
diversities~diversities
hostelry~hostellerie
renouncing~renoncement
perfumery's~parfumerie de
Poona's~Poona de
Pace~Rythme
coauthor~coauteur
untwists~détord
earfuls~earfuls
stereotype's~stéréotype de
excommunication~excommunication
krona's~Krona de
Colon~Côlon
uprights~montants
Nimrod~Nimrod
condemner~condemner
fatback~fatback
gnarliest~gnarliest
hearth's~foyer de
unsustainable~insoutenable
storekeepers~magasiniers
Lot's~lot de
vixen~renarde
constant's~constante
oculists~oculistes
combiners~combineurs
dazzle's~dazzle's
reaffirming~réaffirmant
plackets~plackets
kudos's~Années Kudos
ineligible's~de inéligibles
Manichean's~de manichéennes
requiems~requiems
repeals~abrogations
sold~vendu
badmouthed~mauvaise bouche
skittish~ombrageux
Bendix's~Bendix de
minter~minter
pointy~Pointy
scribbling~griffonner
forcing~forcing
Charleston's~Charleston de
Loews's~Loews de
instigating~l'incitation
python~python
coronet~coronet
dad's~dad's
wends~Cheminer
confutation~confutation
lexis~Lexis
braggadocio's~fanfaronnade de
Malayalam~malayalam
Knox~Knox
scatter~dispersion
thimble~dé
bumps~bosses
Packard~Packard
ins~ins
arboretum's~arboretum de
practicum's~practicum de
precocious~précoce
anglicisms~anglicismes
biscuits~des biscuits
Ohioans~Ohioans
Irvin's~Irvin de
reservists~réservistes
stabiliser~stabilisateur
pica's~pica de
optics~optique
shapeliness's~de galbe
PMS's~PMS de
prudishness~pudibonderie
softies~mollassons
cardiology's~cardiologie
whisker~whisker
maximally~au maximum
videocassette~cassette vidéo
wildcards~wildcards
psychoanalytically~psychanalytiques
shepherdess's~bergère de
cosmogonist's~cosmogonist's
subareas~les sous-zones
clammy~humide
Janis~Janis
sap~sève
cantonment~cantonnement
untenanted~inhabitées
Corine~Corine
nimrod~Nimrod
systemics~systemics
offing's~de offing
biopsy's~biopsie de
Yvette's~Yvette de
rover's~rover de
concertinas~concertina
postludes~postludes
meteoric~météorique
hydraulics~hydraulique
surrender~abandon
Tamil~Tamil
philandered~philandered
Playboy's~Playboy
awe~admiration
manning~manning
raddled~raddled
foodstuff's~foodstuff's
Vlasic's~Vlasic de
boycotted~boycotté
trinity~trinité
commando~commando
woodworm~ver du bois
snugged~snugged
transformable~transformables
Kathiawar's~Kathiawar de
blabbermouth~blabbermouth
consented~consenti
watchmaker's~horlogerie
rapacity~rapacité
mailbag~sac postal
flub~flub
colostomy~colostomie
joules~joules
aliment's~alimens de
umlaut~umlaut
upended~upended
momentum's~l'élan de
Buckner~Buckner
Liliuokalani~Liliuokalani
helplines~services d'assistance téléphonique
worsen~empirer
twitted~twitté
cannibalisation's~de cannibalisation
hexagram~hexagramme
swindling~escroquerie
athletics's~de l'athlétisme
contracting~contracting
frosh~frosh
Mich~Michigan
ditherer's~ditherer's
approval's~approbation de
moister~moite
thorny~épineux
hangouts~hangouts
Tamra~Tamra
glossies~glossies
inc~inc
codswallop~codswallop
crease's~crease's
repay~rembourser
beneficiary~Bénéficiaire
packet's~paquet de
cruet's~cruet's
quilting~matelassage
nerviest~nerviest
Japanese's~Années japonais
accentuation~accentuation
phantasm's~phantasme de
recusing~récusant
backhand~revers
Aruba's~Aruba de
lounger's~chaise longue de
Roeg's~Roeg de
AA's~AA
guts~guts
anorexic~anorexique
Cesar~Cesar
Angelita's~Angelita de
forepersons~forepersons
conflation's~de conflation
inexpedience~impétuosité
wirelesses~wirelesses
subdivided~subdivisé
wonder~merveille
recalculating~recalcul
mopey~mopey
implemented~mis en œuvre
recommenced~recommença
unavailing~inutile
Weyden~Weyden
Lydian's~Lydian de
condoles~condoléances
grandfather's~grandfather's
Guthrie~Guthrie
madrassa's~Années madrassa
aerially~aériennement
mugging~agression
coliseums~coliseums
averring~Affirmant
mourns~Mourns
allergy~allergie
unalike~unalike
larvae~larves
materialism~matérialisme
expeditious~expeditious
chequerboard~damier
glamorously~glamorously
dinging~dinging
travelling's~de voyage
Cleveland~Cleveland
subcategory's~sous-catégorie de
handspring's~handspring's
Einstein~Einstein
abstrusely~abstrusely
swisher~Swisher
ultralight~ultra-léger
acknowledging~reconnaissant
Nietzsche~Nietzsche
diverseness~diverseness
Nigerian's~nigérianes
lengths~longueurs
fuchsia~fuchsia
pens~des stylos
exospheres~exospheres
angularity~angularité
adorer's~adorateur de
midlife's~de mi-vie
William's~William de
carpet~tapis
fashioners~fashioners
reburials~réinhumations
absconders~fugueurs
vilifies~avilit
surliness's~de surliness
Nippon~Nippon
buoys~bouées
fairness's~fairness's
anon~Anon
popguns~pétoires
dielectric~dielectric
roue's~roué de
Rory's~Rory
collegiality's~de collégialité
rivets~rivets
yellow's~jaunes
twangs~twangs
sector's~secteur de
melanin's~la mélanine de
hereabout~par ici
Kendall~Kendall
beautifying~embellissant
apologetically~excusant
infirmities~infirmités
tag~marque
erotic~erotic
spoofs~parodies
joysticks~joysticks
arson's~de l'incendie criminel
feeder~feeder
instrumentalists~instrumentistes
seducers~séducteurs
triumph's~triomphe de
sequoia~séquoia
believably~believably
Mavis~Mavis
Pliny~Pline
Brobdingnagian~Brobdingnagian
dressing~dressing
asbestos's~de l'amiante
poled~polarisé
MVP~MVP
reimposed~réinstitué
embrocation~embrocation
parsons~parsons
baksheesh~bakchich
aerobatics's~Années Voltige
deity~deity
mouthiest~mouthiest
weatherproofed~étanchéifié
Argentinians~Argentins
uninstall~désinstallation
dweebs~dweebs
Ross~Ross
samosas~Samosas
clicking~en cliquant
lath~latte
trabecular~trabéculaire
stupefy~abrutir
overtaxing~surtaxer
negotiation~négociation
gannet's~gannet's
worriedly~anxieusement
breeder~éleveur
infills~remplissages
needlewomen~brodeuses
treeless~sans arbres
deferrals~deferrals
Walmart~Walmart
convert~convert
geophysical~geophysical
salutes~saluts
redraft~reformuler
noticing~remarquant
Zomba's~Années Zomba
binaries~binaires
prioritisation~établissement des priorités
isolate's~isoler de
exhalation~exhalation
moonlighting's~de travail au noir
card's~cartes
commiserative~commiserative
Spears's~Spears de
Xmas's~noël de
retail's~de détail
topcoat's~couche de finition de
Roswell~Roswell
centrists~centristes
Grecian's~Années Grecian
ferrous~ferrous
sarcoma~sarcome
fastness's~fastness's
prefixed~préfixé
pelt~peau
pampered~chouchoutés
conceptualisation's~de conceptualisation
Fay~Fay
twist~torsion
debar~debar
casualties~victimes
Ziegler's~Ziegler de
zodiac~zodiaque
Wilfredo~Wilfredo
Closure~Fermeture
Miles's~miles de
scriptures~Écritures
table~table
polytheism's~de polythéisme
Madrid's~Madrid de
Schwarzenegger's~Schwarzenegger
bureaus~bureaux
whale~baleine
dillydallies~dillydallies
clocking~synchronisation
baronial~baronnial
outfitting~pourvoirie
burs~burs
obsequiously~obséquieusement
radicalism's~le radicalisme de
Juneau's~Juneau de
imprinter~imprinter
psychobabble~psychobabble
Guggenheim~Guggenheim
playgoers~amateurs de théâtre
mindfulness's~la pleine conscience de
Gino's~Gino
dirk's~dirk's
ensurer~ensurer
sunbeams~sunbeams
entrepreneur's~entrepreneur's
orthodontia's~orthodontia de
Islams~islams
chert's~Années chert
melodically~mélodiquement
jouncy~jouncy
chickadee's~mésange de
bluffer's~bluffeur de
st~st
Capet's~Capet de
harlotry's~harlotry's
placarded~placardée
lave~Lave
Bastille's~Bastille de
saleslady's~saleslady de
deary's~deary's
ontogeny's~de l'ontogenèse
archery~tir à l'arc
Leonid~Leonid
Mueller~Mueller
name's~des noms
profiteers~profiteurs
quips~ironise-t-
Herr~Herr
loosed~délié
greenwood's~greenwood's
bunged~bunged
censusing~recensement par
Huguenot's~huguenot de
squashes~squashes
humanly~humainement
overexcited~surexcité
culprit~culprit
Hemingway's~Hemingway
cassowary's~casoar de
trinities~trinités
Barnett~Barnett
ethically~ethically
lumber~bois de charpente
refrigerant's~réfrigérant de
busywork's~de busywork
girdle~girdle
chapatis~chapatis
hen's~les poules
unbuckle~déboucler
Sylvia's~Sylvia
Daumier~Daumier
masts~mâts
masonry~maçonnerie
exempted~exempted
victors~vainqueurs
ed's~ed's
pagans~païens
countersigning~countersigning
Merton~Merton
blini's~Années blinis
settling~règlement
nonmembers~les non-membres
jumpy~nerveux
Delilah~Dalila
nigglers~nigglers
laming~Laming
Ouija's~Ouija de
busboy's~busboy de
believing~croire
Praetorian's~prétorienne de
Harpy~Harpie
Mormonism's~mormonisme de
taxis~Taxis
pierced~percé
Debussy~Debussy
integrals~intégrales
furze~furze
subsume~subsumer
spectrometers~spectromètres
republicanism~républicanisme
Leanne's~Leanne de
Lula~Lula
vectoring~vectorisation
deescalating~deescalating
prevaricates~tergiverse
sweatier~sweatier
revives~ravive
clue's~des indices
turnkey~clé en main
sedition's~de séditions
zoology~zoologie
cowls~cowls
pullers~tireuses
sourer~plus aigre
strophes~strophes
bridge~pont
confederate~confédéré
stylist's~styliste de
pawnbrokers~prêteurs sur gages
Lubumbashi~Lubumbashi
malty~malté
weasel's~Années belette
sauerkraut's~choucroute de
Poona~Pune
religiousness~piété
appaloosa's~Appaloosa de
footpath~footpath
universality's~universalité de
barmaid~barmaid
stank~puait
attractions~attractions
impresarios~imprésarios
molybdenum~molybdène
ole's~ole de
mystics~mystiques
woodcut~gravure sur bois
abjuration~abjuration
duns~duns
solutions~solutions
pluckiness's~de pluckiness
immodestly~impudiquement
foreword~foreword
sportsmanship's~de sportivité
Kemp~Kemp
summonses~citations à comparaître
overstocks~surstocks
playbacks~playbacks
dory~dory
amok~amok
Issac~Issac
culprits~culprits
catcall~siffler
significant~important
Scorpio's~Scorpion de
approaching~approchant
nasality~nasalité
reprints~réimpressions
Dahomey's~dahomey de
suffragans~suffragants
bonito~bonito
Angevin~angevines
reinvention~réinvention
enjambment~enjambment
parapsychologist's~de parapsychologue
Croesus~Crésus
basswoods~tilleuls
distracting~distracting
Durant~Durant
submit~soumettre
historic~historique
fenestration~fenestration
dingy~dingy
Balzac's~Balzac
jostled~bousculé
fireboxes~fireboxes
pottering~bricolant
polyamories~polyamories
adept~expert
stepson's~de beau-fils
Berkeley's~de Berkeley
vainglorious~vaniteux
thimbleful's~de thimbleful
Mao's~Mao
resourcefulness~ressource
revealed~révélé
configured~configurée
drafter~drafter
hook~crochet
contraindications~contraindications
flocking's~flocking's
smoothest~lisse
filmy~filmy
meanders~méandres
shewed~fait voir
priers~priers
cowpats~cowpats
windowsill~rebord de fenêtre
twinkle's~de scintiller
Songhai~Songhaï
harshness~dureté
Muhammadans~mahométans
paste~coller
compaction~compactage
grossness~grossness
Republicanism~Républicanisme
overpopulating~surpopulation
hesitations~hésitations
imprecates~imprecates
vivisectionist's~vivisection de
coteries~coteries
subjoins~subjoins
mascot~mascotte
setsquare~setsquare
telegrams~télégrammes
coworker's~coworker's
twirl's~de tournoyer
Finnbogadottir~Finnbogadottir
Isaac's~ISAAC
auspice~patronage
Brett's~Brett
foreknown~foreknown
rearms~réarme
whacker's~de whacker
tipplers~ivrognes
hasps~fermoirs
generalise~generalise
reimbursement~remboursement
Ukrainian's~ukrainien de
harlequins~harlequins
associate~associer
dildos~dildos
Tristan~Tristan
narcotisation's~NARCOTISATION de
canteen's~cantine de
loans~prêts
hatreds~haines
transmission~transmission
penalising~pénalisation
Emerson~Emerson
rupees~roupies
Sc~Caroline du Sud
prosaically~prosaïquement
stepson~beau-fils
didgeridoo~didgeridoo
Si's~SI
spokeswoman~porte-parole
willow~saule
splay's~Années évasement
crowbar's~crowbar's
piton~piton
Daniels~Daniels
Issachar~Issacar
likens~assimile
PTO~Prise de force
tort~délictuelle
volleyballs~volleyballs
vermouth~Vermouth
Leroy's~Leroy
hinterland's~arrière-pays de
otter~loutre
thermodynamics~thermodynamique
pamphlet's~brochure de
promulgate~promulguer
nightgown~chemise de nuit
salience~saillie
hightail~hightail
elongation's~elongation's
allaying~dissipant
futurologist's~futurologist's
stinted~lésiné
freezers~freezers
watchman's~veilleur de
Hogan~Hogan
guestbook~guestbook
Monsieur~Monsieur
constituent's~de constituant
idolatresses~associatrices
restive~rétif
Viacom's~Viacom de
motivational~de motivation
Kutuzov~Koutouzov
firewall~firewall
thigh's~les cuisses
chauvinism~chauvinisme
schussing~schuss
deliver~deliver
busloads~cars entiers
Urban's~Urban de
feels~feels
boutonnieres~boutonnières
Biggles's~Années Biggles
hawthorn's~aubépine de
archdeacon~archidiacre
Raphael~Raphael
Charolais's~charolais de
undoes~Undoes
ticking's~de tic-tac
interrelation's~interrelation de
reintroducing~réintroduisant
crouches~crouches
bedpan~bassin
cashbook's~cashbook de
Adirondacks~Adirondacks
disembowelling~disembowelling
kilograms~kg
conceptual~conceptuel
symbols~symboles
mops~vadrouilles
complacently~complaisamment
kibitzes~kibitzes
weather~Météo
hoops~cerceaux
autoimmunity~auto-immunité
ACTH's~ACTH de
shamelessly~sans gêne
fatigues~fatigues
headships~headships
soapbox~caisse à savon
slummed~slummed
plonk~pinard
peevishly~maussade
firetraps~firetraps
pride's~La fierté de
backwardly~en arrière
incompleteness's~incomplétude de
deranging~deranging
Urals~Urals
blackening~noircissement
handcraft's~handcraft's
decliner~decliner
purgatory's~du purgatoire
airfare~billet d'avion
fittest~fittest
reincarnation's~la réincarnation de
semiconscious~semi conscient
scummier~scummier
Quixotism's~donquichottisme de
counterpoint's~counterpoint's
gemstone's~gemstone's
burden's~de la charge
agglomerating~agglomérer
tusk's~tusk de
whimsies~whimsies
escalation~escalation
Dutchmen~dutchmen
Effie~Effie
cogitated~cogitated
maidenhair~capillaire
retractile~rétractile
economical~economical
deathblow~deathblow
whiteboard~tableau blanc
incision~incision
Norwich's~Norwich de
fucked~fucked
butterfat's~de matières grasses butyriques
honeyed~miellé
Robitussin~Robitussin
craftiness's~craftiness's
Barbra~Barbra
stentorian~de stentor
harvester~moissonneur
tastes~goûts
teenager's~adolescents
glumness~glumness
Wales's~Pays de Galles de
technological~technologique
impact~impact
picture~photo
sahibs~sahibs
resuming~reprendre
dugout's~dugout's
Whitsunday's~Whitsunday de
Daryl~Daryl
politic~politique
laziness's~paresse de
orchestrations~orchestrations
pushover~jeu d'enfant
straightness~rectitude
repatriated~rapatriées
reliquary's~reliquaire de
plan's~des plans
grovelled~grovelled
involve~impliquer
enhancement's~enhancement's
nuggets~pépites
pivotal~pivot
cowbird~cowbird
Elysium's~Elysium de
plinths~soubassements
dandy's~dandy's
embarrassing~embarrassing
measures~les mesures
present~présent
knob's~bouton de
flayed~flayed
mastitis~mastite
trudge's~crapahuter de
islander~insulaire
excitingly~excitingly
telescope~télescope
itchier~itchier
aigrette~aigrette
temped~temped
AC's~AC de
wholeness's~l'intégrité de
raised~relevé
equipping~equipping
Aston's~Aston de
prows~proues
balded~balded
hope's~l'espoir de
vagueness's~vague de
catch's~prises de
availing~availing
condescension's~de condescendance
Bolton's~Bolton de
partiality's~partialité de
oscillation's~oscillation de
Pound's~Livres sterling
entropy~entropy
lecherousness's~lubrique de
malfunction's~dysfonctionnement du
haughtier~hautain
impeccably~impeccablement
Ger~Ger
liberal~libéral
voodooism's~de vaudou
Obadiah's~Abdias de
baronies~baronnies
coop's~coop's
vesper~Vesper
daintiness's~daintiness's
Mauritians~Mauriciens
opp~opp
criticise~criticise
Sindbad~Sindbad
tangibility's~de tangibilité
burrito~burrito
phonetics's~de phonétiques
composure~calme
insurmountable~insurmontable
tyke~chien bâtard
Ivory~Ivoire
cascaras~Cáscaras
border~frontière
rarity~rareté
skycaps~skycaps
revolutionist~révolutionnaire
nanotechnology~nanotechnologie
lengthily~longuement
Russo's~Russo
unpin~détacher
terrorising~terroriser
disinfectant's~disinfectant's
obtrusively~importunement
saltcellar~salière
businesslike~pratique
Mays~Mays
resolve~résoudre
endues~endues
Onegin~Onéguine
commandant's~commandant de
cloistral~claustrale
Arlington~Arlington
infantryman's~de fantassin
mew's~ruelle
misquote's~déformer les propos de
tenderness~tendresse
guerrilla~guerrilla
pancreases~pancreases
patricians~patriciens
pinker~Pinker
analysts~analystes
celebrator~celebrator
suffered~souffert
painting~La peinture
hibachi's~hibachi de
temple~temple
methadone's~de la méthadone
speculates~spécule
in~dans
fickler~fickler
immortally~immortellement
Nigerien~nigerien
Ujungpandang~Ujungpandang
tabor~tambourin
pilaster~pilastre
Eddie~Eddie
Bradstreet~Bradstreet
extirpating~extirpating
succinctness~concision
bountifulness~libéralités
silenter~silenter
flushes~flushes
corporeal~corporeal
Catalonia~Catalogne
tamaracks~mélèzes
hatboxes~boîtes à chapeaux
vaginal~vaginal
Somalia's~Somalie de
shortstops~shortstops
Xes~Xes
fallible~fallible
phenacetin~phénacétine
smash's~Smash
San'a~San'a
over~plus de
clarinets~clarinettes
rancher's~propriétaire d'un ranch de
tailboard~hayon
imitatively~limitativement
Salween's~Années Salween
ancestrally~héréditairement
fistula's~fistula's
cadet's~Cadet
divested~divested
unimportant~sans importance
Homer's~Homère
Baylor's~Baylor de
technologies~les technologies
Novocain~novocaïne
rimmed~bordé
poisoned~empoisonné
warbling~chant
Scrooge's~Scrooge de
aircrews~personnel navigant
tolerably~assez
permeation's~de perméation
aloha's~aloha de
handiness~handiness
Luftwaffe~Luftwaffe
energies~energies
lovely~charmant
innervating~innervant
lingerer's~traîneur de
lobs~lobs
magicked~magiquement
multilayered~multicouche
interact~interagir
Maryellen~maryellen
ineradicable~indéracinable
battleground~champ de bataille
presentiment's~de pressentiments
sensitivities~sensibilités
Pedro's~Pedro de
jiffy~instant
revilement's~de revilement
lusciousness's~lusciousness de
emoluments~emoluments
platoon's~peloton de
Rene~Rene
Okefenokee's~Okefenokee de
muscling~muscling
audiometer~audiomètre
wavers~ondulateurs
flextime~flextime
mandolin's~mandoline de
friskier~friskier
coma~coma
teletypewriters~téléscripteurs
Denis~Denis
passbook~livret bancaire
criticisers~criticisers
muggings~muggings
pit~fosse
Phipps's~Phipps de
swooning~pâmoison
Poiret's~Poiret
Armour's~Armure
nosily~indiscrètement
woodpecker~Pivert
Celsius~Celsius
Seeger~Seeger
cocktail~cocktail
FIFO~FIFO
gramophone~gramophone
Toscanini's~Toscanini de
vandalism~vandalisme
reassertion's~de réaffirmation
backgrounders~Documents d'information
mechanic's~mécanique
nitrogen's~de l'azote
discoverer~discoverer
hardstand's~hardstand's
dunning~dunning
overhead's~de frais généraux
Crusoe~Crusoe
twice~deux fois
conformity~conformité
schoolrooms~salles de classe
Earlene's~earlene de
traumatising~traumatisants
Birdseye~Yeux d'oiseau
Geffen~Geffen
Fomalhaut~Fomalhaut
sunflower's~tournesol de
dreamland's~dreamland's
glitter's~glitter's
estimable~estimable
vector~vecteur
projectiles~projectiles
untwisting~détorsion
arsonist~incendiaire
Grotius~Grotius
honkers~honkers
frisk~frisk
movable's~biens meubles
coaster~Coaster
Parana~Parana
secrecy~secret
ceder's~ceder de
Friends~copains
cornices~cornices
snarkier~snarkier
unimpeachable~irréprochable
publican~publicain
especial~especial
Janie's~Janie de
Medicares~Medicares
evaporate~evaporate
chariest~chariest
daemon~daemon
keener~plus vif
publican's~publicain de
Mervin~Mervin
Himmler~Himmler
mitosis's~de la mitose
pelleted~granulée
forwarded~forwarded
Revere~Révérer
fullness's~fullness's
proofreaders~relecteurs
oust~évincer
tempt~tenter
exhilarated~exhilarated
enacted~enacted
Yellowknife's~Yellowknife de
Rodrick~Rodrick
belches~rots
specimen's~ce spécimen
askance~désapprobateur
bulldog's~bouledogue de
strand's~brin de
examples~examples
Lusaka's~Lusaka de
Mesa~Mesa
checks~chèques
attendee's~participants
wiled~wiled
strophe's~strophes de
immediacy's~l'immédiateté de
hornets~frelons
Decca's~decca de
violet~violet
halite's~halite's
crush's~crush's
Columbus's~Columbus de
junketing~junketing
nubbier~nubbier
scabies~gale
orbital~orbital
dropsy~dropsy
prefects~préfets
candidness~franchise
contortion~contortion
entrancement's~entrancement's
classification's~classement de
expansionist's~expansionist's
weeper's~pleureuse de
Cmdr~Cmdr
Jove's~Jove de
LAN's~LAN
broken~cassé
alleluia~alléluia
deepened~deepened
xenon~xénon
Illinois's~Illinois de
disproofs~disproofs
medley~mélange
unstopped~débouchées
blindly~aveuglément
figment's~figment's
subcontinent~sous-continent
communicators~communicateurs
sampler~échantillonneur
endorphin's~endorphin's
onstage~sur scène
oubliettes~oubliettes
afforests~boise
palaver's~palaver de
silversmith's~Années Orfèvre
Liberace's~Liberace de
Masai's~Masai de
constituent~constituant
contrariwise~contrariwise
hashing~hachage
Caxton's~Caxton de
tricky~rusé
Shaffer~Shaffer
defect's~defect's
brokenhearted~cœur brisé
resourceful~ingénieux
thrones~trônes
effeminacy's~effeminacy's
adhere~adhérer
seminarian's~Années séminariste
smelts~éperlans
warmongers~bellicistes
decriminalises~decriminalises
boyishly~garçonne
pregame's~avant-match de
Admiralty~Amirauté
leucotomies~leucotomies
prevarication's~de prévarication
Giauque~Giauque
weblogs~weblogs
endurance~endurance
Prut~Prut
prostitution's~de la prostitution
unresponsively~unresponsively
Tampa~Tampa
boondoggled~boondoggled
ultralights~ultralégers
mission~mission
keybindings~keybindings
micromanaging~microgestion
architectures~architectures
Abner~Abner
departmentally~departmentally
benevolences~benevolences
binnacles~habitacles
sluggishly~paresseusement
cuddle's~cuddle's
transient~transitoire
merge~fusionner
impalpable~impalpable
austral~austral
fragmentary~fragmentary
megalomaniac's~mégalomaniaque de
fusty~fusty
lubricating~lubrifiant
his~le sien
misfitting~erreurs de montage
gyved~gyved
choicer~plus choisie
crafts~crafts
wincing~tressaillant
hoover~aspirateur
effect~effect
rapturously~ravissement
Millard's~Millard de
dodder~dodder
freaky~freaky
tatted~tatted
retarder's~ralentisseur de
dotard~dotard
pal's~pal de
whipsaw~whipsaw
helical~hélicoïdal
influential~influent
freeze~freeze
country~country
seduction's~de la séduction
utmost's~de maximum
vernacular's~langue vernaculaire de
reinterprets~réinterprète
lambada~lambada
hookups~conjugaisons
scoutmaster~chef scout
cockleshell~cockleshell
Trailways~Trailways
tenners~tenners
Gracie's~Gracie
laced~lacé
strongboxes~-forts
driftnet~driftnet
warded~conjuré
Eurodollar~Eurodollar
legitimising~légitimant
Ara~Ara
canvased~toilé
abyss~abîme
nether~bas
importer's~importateur de
Ataturk~Atatürk
warranty~garantie
Breton's~Breton de
ostentatiously~ostentation
melancholic~mélancolique
Korean~coréen
shells~coquilles
clapperboards~claquettes
bathos~chute du sublime au ridicule
chandeliers~lustres
loveless~loveless
ultramarine~outremer
frill's~frill's
fetching~fetching
multiyear~plusieurs années
most~les plus
abolition~abolition
pigs~les cochons
jacked~Jacked
mastectomy~mastectomie
architrave's~architrave de
Rather's~est plutôt
concert~concert
idealist~idéaliste
thrift's~Thrift de
gem's~gem's
indecisively~indécise
expending~expending
Hollis~Hollis
Trappists~trappistes
fishhooks~fishhooks
dicks~dicks
adult's~adultes
indispositions~indispositions
paddle's~pagaie de
cutlets~cutlets
Hanson~Hanson
oboes~oboes
summit's~Sommet
customhouse~customhouse
Palomar~Palomar
honorariums~rétributions
madrassas~madrassas
statue's~statues
stickers~autocollants
Miss~Mademoiselle
innersole's~innersole de
lunching~déjeunant
consummation~consummation
describer~describer
louse's~louse de
Schweppes's~Schweppes de
minutiae~menus détails
jingoism's~jingoism de
pentathlon's~de pentathlon
winery~établissement vinicole
utterances~énoncés
associative~associatif
towhees~towhees
skipper~skipper
andantes~andante
Frisians~Frisons
clumsiness's~gaucherie de
regulations~règlements
meliorate~Meliorato
manifestos~manifestes
cheesiness~cheesiness
potassium's~potassium de
Cameroonian~Cameroun
Ch~Ch
functionality~functionality
thrombotic~thrombotique
splint's~attelle de
decorum~decorum
forsooth~forsooth
Nevadans~Nevadans
redefines~redéfinit
artistes~artistes
Saturn~Saturne
believe~croyez
mediocre~médiocre
Brampton~Brampton
howitzer~obusier
Brown~marron
decathletes~decathletes
McNeil's~McNeil
bordered~bordé
urges~Demande instamment
chorale's~de chorale
hotheads~exaltés
seemliness~bienséance
playful~espiègle
toeholds~prises pour les pieds
blokish~camaraderie de ces hommes
loom~métier à tisser
pretests~prétests
vehemency's~véhémence de
terminus~terminus
touchstone's~de pierre de touche
neuters~neutres
disagreement's~disagreement's
adverse~négatif
adsorbents~adsorbants
thrillingly~thrillingly
outset~début
tail's~queue de
Christendom's~chrétienté de
pug~carlin
foretells~foretells
Stacey~Stacey
abloom~éclos
philosophise~philosopher
Churriguera~Churriguera
illustrator's~illustrateur de
Yerkes~Yerkes
kismet~Kismet
Salome's~Salomé de
nonfreezing~antigel pour
prophylactics~prophylactiques
showy~voyant
grumbling~grumbling
corral's~corral's
novena~neuvaine
Belmont's~Belmont de
arrayed~vêtu
vocables~vocables
Brazzaville's~Brazzaville de
resupply~réalimentation
Gilchrist's~Gilchrist de
chiropody's~podologie de
debilitation's~debilitation's
frightfulness~frightfulness
counterfeiter's~counterfeiter's
discipleship's~discipleship's
interjects~Laclos
AstroTurf~AstroTurf
matriarchs~matriarches
Onsager~Onsager
enrichment's~enrichment's
wallpapered~tapissés
nominator's~de proposeur
Borglum~Borglum
passivity's~de passivité
chirpy~gai
gamble~gamble
taxi~Taxi
reformer's~réformateur de
misty~brumeux
councilperson~councilperson
particular's~notamment de
furbelow's~furbelow's
tellies~tellies
perfectionist~perfectionniste
barbarian~barbare
inaccurate~inexacte
kepi's~képi de
blackboard's~tableau de
backscratching~backscratching
allspice's~Années allspice
gaffes~gaffes
boggling~ahurissant
niftier~niftier
treasures~trésors
unwinds~dénouements
aneurysm~anévrisme
snag's~accroc de
unarguable~indiscutables
limbs~membres
jewellery~bijoux
Giauque's~Giauque de
giraffes~giraffes
mystical~mystique
fierceness's~fierceness's
Eliseo~Eliseo
Brahma's~Brahma de
Mafioso~mafioso
reattaching~refixer
relaunching~relançant
grandam's~grandam's
Rosario~Rosario
highbrow's~intello de
boy's~garçons
chevron~chevron
dampest~dampest
galvanometer's~galvanometer's
intoxicates~enivre
Jamar~Jamar
pettifoggery~avocasserie
Benedictine~bénédictin
Hellenism~hellénisme
stress~stress
spoke's~rayon de
listener's~les auditeurs
mindfulness~pleine conscience
envisage~envisage
flaxen~flaxen
Sanskrit~sanskrit
cormorant~cormorant
nudity's~de la nudité
menu's~Menu de
individually~individuellement
cataleptic's~de catalepsie
unwary~imprudent
puncheons~futailles
asseverates~asseverates
restiveness's~de restiveness
sharpshooter's~tireur d'élite de
piquantly~piquante
labyrinths~labyrinthes
mouthier~Mouthier
chitterlings~tripes de porc
Omdurman~Omdurman
yes~Oui
Janell's~Janell de
reenlistment's~réengagement de
eighties~eighties
provenance~provenance
ramping~montée en puissance
halftime's~halftime's
apprentice's~L'apprenti
kanji~kanjis
weasel~belette
exhibitor~exhibitor
tankfuls~tankfuls
arteries~artères
antipodean's~Années antipodes
Ahmadinejad~Ahmadinejad
deputise~deputise
matured~mûri
alto~alto
victim~victime
glass~glass
pat~tapoter
augmenting~augmentant
wholesaler~grossiste
Polly~Polly
spiraea's~Années spiraea
uttermost~extrême
hypodermic's~hypodermique de
Sinatra~Sinatra
bulk's~en vrac de
bargain's~affaire de
mulatto's~de mulâtre
teleplays~teleplays
Lamar's~Lamar de
cottonseed's~cottonseed's
sheerness~Sheerness
response~réponse
Marge's~Marge de
cleaned~nettoyé
fish's~fish's
spinnaker's~spi de
gambits~gambits
McFarland~McFarland
incarnates~Incarnés
behalf's~au nom de
Schmidt's~Schmidt de
corniest~corniest
reside~résider
Lascaux's~Lascaux de
sunshade's~pare-soleil de
sceptics~sceptiques
anciently~qu'anciennement
bosh~étalages
humour's~humour de
violent~violent
napkins~serviettes
deist's~deist's
coagulator's~de coagulateur
placatory~placatory
complaint's~de plainte
parking~parking
laddie~gamin
Polanski~Polanski
plaything's~de joujou
lawyer~avocat
Rosalind's~Rosalind de
cramped~cramped
clammed~clammed
tamping~damage
buffets~buffets
Ismael~Ismael
lamprey's~de lamproie
Kathie's~Kathie de
colloquial~familier
registrant's~immatriculée
Philemon's~Philemon de
zing's~zing de
vetoed~a opposé son veto
Polish~polonais
Vlasic~Vlasic
confiding~fiant
chassis~châssis
upbraided~reprocha
Equuleus's~Equuleus de
Nita~Nita
repatriate's~rapatriement de
rhapsodised~rhapsodised
tachographs~tachygraphes
Clotho's~Clotho de
Haley~Haley
NOW~À PRÉSENT
underpinned~sous-tendu
dreamed~dreamed
Shintoists~shintoïstes
nontoxic~non toxique
Celia~Celia
cakewalks~Cakewalks
underclothes's~Années underclothes
chlorination's~chloration de
demolishing~demolishing
alternations~alternances
vocal's~de voix
goslings~goslings
becomingly~seyante
Surinamese~surinamien
aeronautics's~de l'aéronautique
gazette~gazette
winnow~vanner
majorities~majorités
tortilla~tortilla
selfishly~égoïstement
Ruth's~Ruth
etc~etc
skipped~sautée
testimonies~témoignages
VLF~VLF
communication's~communication de
southerner's~de sudiste
induces~induise
silkiest~plus soyeux
loser's~perdant de
Lexus~Lexus
whaling's~chasse à la baleine de
Jewishness~judéité
vaguest~vague
anticipation~anticipation
Yaren~Yaren
doorways~doorways
lifesavers~lifesavers
oh's~oh de
would've~serait avez
Recife~Recife
expounding~expounding
magnetises~magnétise
chars~caractères
dewiness's~dewiness's
mistakes~erreurs
microorganism~micro-organisme
mitoses~mitose
revelled~délectait
deceleration~deceleration
throttles~étrangleurs
heterosexuality~hétérosexualité
Elliot's~Elliot
gatecrashers~gatecrashers
Nairobi~Nairobi
Corina~Corina
Agni's~Années Agni
transmuted~transmué
gain~gain
toughed~toughed
transliteration's~translittération de
peek~coup d'oeil
Dido's~Didon de
physiography's~de physiography
incongruity's~de l'incongruité
Hewlett's~Hewlett de
ignitable~ignitable
Cordilleras's~cordillères de
eater's~eater's
infested~infestée
apparatuses~appareils
subversiveness's~de subversivité
Lvov~Lvov
execs~execs
naiad's~Années naïade
gloaming~gloaming
sophism~sophisme
flawlessness's~flawlessness's
Salvadoran's~de El Salvador
deader~deader
rust~rouille
sally~sortie
dissembles~dissembles
seamlessly~de façon transparente
undercoat's~couche de fond de
Torah's~La Torah
owners~les propriétaires
carpetbags~carpetbags
Pliocene~Pliocène
bipolarity~bipolarité
stall~stalle
nuzzle~toucher son nez
rare~rare
Hmong's~Hmong de
excavation's~excavation's
sizzlers~sizzlers
hole's~des trous
superb~superbe
Henderson~Henderson
quaffs~quaffs
humorousness's~humorousness de
wining~wining
referrer's~de referrer
downtrend~downtrend
screensavers~économiseurs d'écran
tranquilly~tranquille
rustled~bruissaient
willow's~willow
mouldered~mouldered
saltiness~salure
cosmologists~cosmologists
uniformed~en uniforme
lyricist's~parolier de
inquiry~enquête
unashamed~effronté
introducing~l'introduction
featherweight~featherweight
confutation's~confutation de
challengers~challengers
Manuela's~Manuela de
hurrahing~hurrahing
squared~au carré
Mac's~Mac
bondsman~esclave
dehydrogenase~dehydrogenase
Na~N / a
intensifier's~intensificateur de
fondled~fondled
Cromwell~Cromwell
lowering~abaissement
Herder's~Herder
paratyphoid~paratyphoïde
congenial~agréable
witty~spirituel
Bodhisattva~Bodhisattva
war's~guerre de
carport~abri voiture
dull~dull
jesting~plaisanterie
slew's~flopée de
puppeteers~marionnettistes
syn~syn
casting~fonderie
sir~Monsieur
anticommunists~anticommunistes
uncommon~rare
calfskin's~Années vachette
forestland~forestland
oafish~lourdaud
dissenter's~dissenter's
fallibility's~fallibility's
pained~peiné
mortar's~mortier de
soaking's~trempage de
lulu~lulu
nor~ni
boogie's~Années boogie
slimming~Minceur
froward~froward
duo's~duo's
fireproof~fireproof
pelted~bombardé
weekdays~jours de la semaine
meted~infligé
thimbleful~thimbleful
punier~punier
medias~des médias
repository~dépôt
needlework's~Années travaux à l'aiguille
liens~privilèges
animatedly~animation
fourteen~fourteen
derogation's~derogation's
SJW~SJW
Canterbury~Canterbury
reran~exécutiez
automobiling~automobiling
Bunche's~Bunche de
Dristan's~Dristan de
Vitus's~Vitus de
barbel's~Années barbeau
bafflement's~de bafflement
creatures~creatures
Borlaug~Borlaug
cloister~cloître
overmasters~overmasters
ripple's~ondulation de
sidesaddle~selle de dame
ousted~évincé
Ymir's~Ymir de
Nobelists~Nobelists
dissimulation~dissimulation
cavil~chicaner
erectors~erectors
viand~Viand
startup~Commencez
foothill~foothill
Arlene's~Arlene de
digit~digit
wave~vague
elevate~elevate
real's~réels de
protagonist's~protagoniste de
rubies~rubis
anabolism's~de l'anabolisme
lossless~sans perte
deplored~deplored
VIPs~VIP
Luke~Luke
leanings~inclinations
tempura's~Années tempura
Pullmans~Pullmans
phagocyte's~de phagocyte
publications~publications
ploughman~laboureur
Siegfried~Siegfried
wingers~ailiers
speakerphones~haut-parleur
mingling~mélange
youngish~jeune
craftspeople~craftspeople
dungeon~dungeon
occlusion's~occlusion de
pipped~pipped
curator~curator
caulker's~calfat de
microelectronic~microélectroniques
socioeconomic~socio-économique
clutter's~de l'encombrement
conjunctive's~de conjonctifs
bonny~beau
goodwill's~goodwill's
depressant~depressant
chutzpah's~chutzpah de
greenmail~greenmail
invalidates~Invalide
jokers~farceurs
Pharisee~Pharisien
blunted~émoussée
seaboard's~façade maritime de
sunbelt~sunbelt
sectionals~sectionals
rejudging~rejudging
Hugh's~Hugh de
chiropractors~chiropraticiens
Vilma~Vilma
penumbra~pénombre
modest~modeste
unjustly~injustement
accidentals~altérations
Bunin's~Bunin de
Erik's~Erik
Aristotelian's~Années aristotéliciens
MN~MN
mountable~montage
entitle~entitle
wedding~mariage
traversal's~traversal de
coagulation's~de la coagulation
kerosene's~le kérosène de
killing's~tue
beauteously~beauteously
matron's~infirmière en chef de
Bengals~Bengals
sorbets~sorbets
Quisling~Collaborateur
vagabonded~vagabonded
source's~sources
embrocation's~embrocation's
kirsch's~kirsch de
broadband's~bande large
baddie's~baddie de
shop~boutique
headstall~headstall
Hezbollah~Hezbollah
cathedral's~cathédrale
substantiation's~corroboration de
tincture's~teinture de
silicosis's~silicose de
abortive~abortif
worn~usé
pilings~empilages
isinglass~ichtyocolle
wiggle's~Wiggle de
innervate~innervent
cadenced~cadencées
hobble's~hobble de
skeeter~Skeeter
Domingo's~Domingo de
discrimination~discrimination
Bailey~mur d'enceinte
jocularity's~de jovialité
weirdest~weirdest
it~il
efficacy's~efficacy's
Mafioso's~mafioso de
Lily~Lis
squinting~strabique
patchiness's~de microrépartition
Reunion~Réunion
Instagram's~instagram de
tactile~tactile
malpractice~faute professionnelle
accumulator's~accumulateur de
cardiologist's~cardiologue de
divots~divots
Glen~Glen
coquettishly~coquettishly
referee's~arbitre de
goatees~goatees
litterateur's~Années littérateur
glider's~glider's
hustled~bousculé
Phaethon's~Phaéton de
warhorse's~Années Warhorse
Nosferatu~Nosferatu
gaze~gaze
exchequers~exchequers
broiler's~poulets de chair de
necrophilia~nécrophilie
obsession's~obsession
lordliness~hauteur
entrap~entrap
cartage~camionnage
satsuma~satsuma
Arcadia's~années Arcadia
illegitimacy~illégitimité
sharecrop~métayage
punt~coup de volée
soullessness~soullessness
tuft~touffe
dilatation's~dilatation's
perspective's~points de vue
Mahayana's~mahayana de
crufty~crufty
delights~delights
bowsprit's~de beaupré
clique's~La clique de
mentality's~mentalité de
resonate~résonner
pedestal's~piédestal de
rescission~annulation
stylistic~stylistique
facilitation's~facilitation's
serendipity~Serendipity
sinuses~sinus
vuvuzelas~vuvuzelas
invalided~invalides
Josephine's~Joséphine
Hermes~Hermès
Hess's~Hess de
ashlar~pierre de taille
ruggeder~ruggeder
Ecclesiastes~livre de l'Ecclésiaste
welshes~welshes
softbound~couverture souple
after~après
pelvis~bassin
zombie~zombi
fanaticism's~fanaticism's
Lakota~Lakota
habiliments~habiliments
haired~haired
luring~leurrer
winks~clins d'oeil
mathematician~mathématicien
aristocrat's~aristocrate de
wreathe~tresser
alcoholics~alcooliques
inculpable~non coupable
jumpsuits~salopettes
ghostwrites~ghostwrites
lief~lief
premiership~Premiership
abuse~abuser de
pekoe~Pekoe
dabbler's~dabbler's
chopping~couperet
Satan's~Satan
settled~colonisé
pathologist~pathologiste
thunderous~étourdissant
conventionalises~conventionalises
whomsoever~quel que soit leur
convalescing~convalescing
vision~vision
suffragette's~suffragette de
murderously~meurtrièrement
hairpiece~hairpiece
providing~fournir
botnet's~botnet de
sear's~sear de
waivers~renonciations
antennae~antennes
newsreels~actualités
vestige~vestige
supererogatory~surérogatoire
croupy~croupy
roomer~locataire
gorilla's~gorilla's
Hammarskjold~Hammarskjold
product~produit
hunts~chasse
pumpkins~citrouilles
lengthier~plus longue
margarine's~margarine de
reclaim~récupérer
pacifiers~suces
Hellenisation's~hellénisation de
squawkers~Squawkers
conferment~octroi
Austin's~d'Austin
augury's~de augurio
foot's~foot's
salamander~salamandre
windsurfer's~véliplanchiste de
martial~martial
proficient~compétent
recessive's~de récessifs
resin's~de résine de
ovules~ovules
transactors~transactants
mountaineering's~de l'alpinisme
dozy~dozy
shalom~shalom
scream~crier
incinerator~incinérateur
exodus~exodus
alliteration~allitération
Tupperware's~Tupperware de
fad's~fad's
party~fête
fewness's~fewness's
rejiggers~rejiggers
conventicle~conventicle
impressible~impressionnable
appliance~appareil
trundler~trundler
honky's~honky de
landmarks~Repères
salve's~Années Salve
billiard~billard
quiz's~quiz de
entree's~entree's
Jess~Jess
Tatar's~Tatar de
cockamamie~cockamamie
recasting's~de refondre
Vicente~Vicente
granitic~granitic
narrowest~étroit
Di~di
predetermination~prédétermination
overexposure's~La surexposition de
flamethrowers~flamethrowers
Algieba~Algieba
audacious~audacieux
Januaries~januaries
oohs~oohs
cabal's~de cabale
decongestant's~decongestant's
Muhammadanism's~mahométisme de
Laius's~Laïos de
meatless~meatless
truther~truther
eavesdrop~eavesdrop
Robeson~Robeson
panics~paniques
trowel's~années truelle
narcoses~narcoses
ferried~ferried
Edison~Edison
faintest~faintest
redbrick~brique rouge
Berzelius's~Berzelius de
hoick~Holck
occurred~eu lieu
nirvana~nirvana
acerbity~aigreur
colonialist's~colonialiste de
plaid's~années à carreaux
crabbily~crabbily
aggrandises~aggrandises
site~site
interventions~interventions
till's~jusqu'à ce
mastic's~mastic de
advances~avances
deanery's~deanery's
handcrafts~handcrafts
FNMA's~FNMA de
binomial's~binomiale de
sitemap~Plan du site
datelines~datelines
brashness's~de brashness
juiciness~jutosité
grilled~grilled
gargling~gargling
shocked~choqué
wiki~wiki
disciplinarian's~disciplinarian's
Perth~Perth
skull~crâne
barrette~barrette
florid~florid
generously~generously
teabags~sachets de thé
defectors~defectors
determent~determent
prediction~prédiction
Marc's~Marc de
henchmen~hommes de main
glazier's~glazier's
disputatiously~disputatiously
cert~cert
balustrade's~balustrade de
tourmaline's~tourmaline de
coho's~coho de
Britannica's~Britannica de
ration~ration
patronage~patronage
gal~gal
pictorials~Commémoratifs
raffle~tombola
unpunished~impuni
carom's~de carambole
vivacious~vivace
immunologists~immunologistes
birthday's~anniversaire
inclines~plans inclinés
lashing's~de flagellation
leisure's~loisirs de
subcultures~subcultures
laser~laser
Arthurian~arthurienne
Hispanic's~hispanique de
tinkerer's~de bricoleur
notable~notable
juristic~juridique
taproots~taproots
whit's~Whit de
Uniroyal's~Uniroyal de
reawakens~ranime
tequilas~tequilas
enthusiastic~enthusiastic
unmeaning~unmeaning
beery~un peu éméché
Canaries's~canaris de
Solomon's~Salomon
stow~ranger
wonkier~wonkier
hanging's~hanging's
Pl~PL
selectively~sélectivement
penlight's~penlight de
freighted~freighted
hearkens~ne écoute
navigable~navigable
blazer's~Blousons
precepts~préceptes
pragmatism~pragmatisme
scours~affouillements
Polynesian's~polynésien de
excursiveness~excursiveness
beep~bip
foulness's~foulness's
contemporaneously~contemporaneously
peal's~peal de
outrank~dépasser
hydrolysed~hydrolysé
gruffness~gruffness
Karloff's~KARLOFF
Jaycee's~Jaycee de
walnut's~noix
achenes~akènes
drowsiness's~drowsiness's
masked~masqué
ringleaders~instigateurs
fluff~fluff
winnowed~vanné
distastefully~distastefully
terrestrial~terrestre
gong~gong
planter's~planteur
gynaecologists~gynaecologists
clamorous~clamorous
hazards~dangers
rectifying~rectification
yawns~bâillements
hydrocephalus~hydrocéphalie
shortest~la plus courte
Abyssinia's~Abyssinie de
recitation~récitation
Nazarene's~Nazaréen de
scissored~scissored
pigsty's~porcheries de
algebras~algèbres
raved~déliré
APR~AVR
pantheons~panthéons
schoolmistress's~de maîtresse d'école
colleen~colleen
Apollonian~apollinien
Mariano~Mariano
rathskellers~rathskellers
Milquetoast~milquetoast
encapsulations~encapsulations
blinded~aveugle
perfectionist's~perfectionniste de
firefighter's~firefighter's
yam~patate douce
mist~brouillard
rooms~pièces
media~médias
resealed~refermés
Karakorum's~Karakorum de
Ariosto's~Arioste
chamber's~chambre de
welkin's~Welkin de
gravely~gravely
Lyons~Lyon
dangers~dangers
Heath's~Heath
decipher~decipher
fuzzing~fuzzing
pianissimos~pianissimo
export~export
soiling~salissures
billionths~milliardièmes
gifts~gifts
dyslexia's~dyslexia's
intergalactic~intergalactique
coshes~coshes
kiddo~Kiddo
fettering~fettering
soundboard~Soundboard
kooky~Kooky
chardonnays~chardonnays
maggoty~véreux
merchandises~marchandises
sweeps~balayages
Judd~Judd
quickstep's~Quickstep de
Macintosh's~du Macintosh
peephole~judas
fondue's~fondue's
faerie~faerie
Berg's~Berg
veneered~Parement
nonfluctuating~nonfluctuating
onomatopoeia~onomatopée
unforgiving~impitoyables
lido's~de lido
punctiliousness~punctiliousness
Confucian's~de confucéens
heavenlier~heavenlier
rollback's~rollback de
tranquilest~tranquilest
embroilment~embroilment
transliterations~translittération
burrow~terrier
caries's~caries de
Rowland~Rowland
calamitous~calamiteux
Madeira's~Années Madère
sailboats~Voiliers
Cochran~Cochran
sipped~siroté
funnymen~funnymen
Judaeo~judéo-
dessertspoons~dessertspoons
woodblocks~woodblocks
cantaloupe's~de cantaloup
commercial~commercial
Vesta's~Vesta
McClellan~McClellan
Sung's~Sung
gazetteer~gazetteer
upsets~renversements
delivering~delivering
hints~astuces
fuggy~fuggy
honey~mon chéri
Eskimos~Eskimos
Curry~Curry
poling~poling
Jeannette's~Jeannette
baseline~base
localises~Localisés
Thorazine's~Thorazine de
quadrille's~quadrille de
fencer~fencer
presaged~présagé
dosimeter's~dosimeter's
moldiness~moisissure
coverage~coverage
gulch~gulch
hubs~plaques tournantes
immigrant~immigrant
undertones~Undertones
schusses~schuss
Lestrade's~lestrade de
dreariness's~dreariness's
snoop~espionner
mating's~accouplement de
rootkit's~rootkit de
Vivian~Vivian
overbook~surréserver
Enkidu~Enkidu
Continent~Continent
mantles~mantes
jitterbug~danser le jitterbug
Nabisco~Nabisco
antibiotic's~de antibiotiques
charge's~des charges
roadsters~torpédos
suggestiveness~suggestivité
circulated~distribué
filmed~filmed
respectably~respectablement
surrogacy's~de la gestation pour autrui
bleeding~saignement
circumscribing~circonscrivant
fell's~fell's
factored~factored
botcher~gâcheur
cool~cool
Seleucid's~de séleucide
leveller~niveleur
lockouts~lockout
parapsychologists~parapsychologues
turnoff's~bretelle de sortie de
Gavin~Gavin
lummox~lourdaud
brolly~Brolly
dispassion~dispassion
spreadsheets~feuilles de calcul
Chrysler~Chrysler
joist~solive
binder~classeur
dapple~dapple
witlessness~stupidité
centavo~centavo
lawsuit's~procès de
purposefully~à dessein
woad's~Années guède
position's~La position de
philologists~philologues
opportunistic~opportuniste
Adenauer's~adenauer de
quitter's~lâcheur de
Bosnia's~Bosnie-de
prissy~bégueule
womankind~femmes
Peking~Pékin
uncannier~uncannier
sciatica~sciatique
flex~flex
lankness's~maigreur de
changeover~passage
disencumbering~disencumbering
eiderdown~eiderdown
nourish~nourrir
blackthorn's~prunellier de
Burks~Burks
acre's~acres de
evinces~evinces
elect's~elect's
slangy~qui parle argot
gladsome~gladsome
woodman's~Woodman de
reduplicates~redouble
shelf~étagère
toast's~toasts
audition's~audition de
reasoner's~raisonneur de
intrusiveness's~de caractère intrusif
ethnology~ethnology
grease~grease
equability~equability
earplugs~earplugs
predisposed~prédisposé
cuing~cuing
agog~anxieux
soapboxes~caisses à savon
robots~robots
Winkle~Bigorneau
Trevelyan's~Trevelyan de
nanobot~nanobot
presumption's~présomption de
marrow~moelle
Jeanine~Jeanine
pud~poud
carcinogenic's~de carcinogènes
devotional's~devotional's
flack's~flack's
lasciviousness's~de lascivité
Lessie~lessie
emulation's~emulation's
coalesced~coalisés
apprehends~appréhende
millionairesses~milliardaires
meeker~Meeker
decedent~decedent
verbosely~verbeux
woollen~de laine
Erector~Érecteur
Compton's~Compton
moustaches~moustaches
drawer's~drawer's
cornerstone's~cornerstone's
incantation~incantation
dimness's~dimness's
cashback's~remise en argent de
Payne~Payne
homesteader~homesteader
stipends~appointements
taint~entacher
instructions~instructions
Ellesmere's~Ellesmere de
subject's~sujets
screwiness's~screwiness de
pullover~arrêtez-vous
Friedan's~Friedan
tights's~collants de
spake~parla
platformed~platformed
payees~bénéficiaires
acceptably~acceptablement
feminine~feminine
stilt's~Années échasses
I'll~Mauvais
solders~brasures
householder~propriétaire
goosestepping~goosestepping
collies~colleys
expediencies~expediencies
stretches~étire
stanched~étanché
tun~tonneau
printer~imprimante
pesticides~pesticides
railways~les chemins de fer
gauged~gauged
abstruseness's~hermétisme de
behavioural~comportementale
wedges~coins
minute's~minutes
lintels~linteaux
germination's~germination's
senior's~de hauts
unassertive~unassertive
timber~bois
preservationist's~de préservationniste
unluckier~unluckier
quartered~écartelé
nonclericals~nonclericals
killjoys~killjoys
biographer's~biographe
genus's~genus's
commits~engage
umpired~arbitré
hypocritically~hypocritement
impersonated~personnifié
tarried~demeuré
industrialist~industriel
climbers~grimpeurs
findings~findings
blackguards~canailles
postbags~sacs postaux
Garner~Recueillir
Lithuanian~lituanien
obscurity~obscurité
lemming~lemming
hypothalamus~hypothalamus
sprints~sprints
pupped~pupped
Woolite~Woolite
dolefully~dolefully
woodenness~woodenness
sixty~soixante
americium~américium
Spillane's~Spillane de
dismay~dismay
Sandburg's~Sandburg de
tatami's~tatami de
thereon~sur celui-ci
soapy~savonneux
Barney~Barney
Victorianism~victorianisme
tradesman's~de service dans la
satrap's~satrape de
castle's~châteaux
barkeeper~barman
typographer's~de typographe
serener~sereine
Magellan~Magellan
paying~payant
rooftop's~sur le toit de
woozier~woozier
tarn~TARN
connoting~connotant
baits~appâts
bombers~bombardiers
recrystallises~recristallise
faltered~faltered
psaltery's~de psaltérion
Epictetus~Epictète
nuttiness~nuttiness
enclose~enclose
greeted~greeted
deckhand~deckhand
mu~mu
perverting~pervertir
slash's~slash de
slogan's~slogan de
screensaver's~économiseur d'écran de
whirring~vrombissant
Jovian's~de Jovian
reflects~reflète
incursion's~incursion de
signboard's~panneaux de signalisation
Gaines's~Années Gaines
overjoyed~fou de joie
bendiest~bendiest
efflorescence~efflorescence
Jewell's~Jewell de
mineralogist's~minéralogiste de
quickest~le plus rapide
unbelievably~incroyablement
obstinate~obstiné
lollygagging~lollygagging
blusterers~fanfarons
strive~s'efforcer
parakeet~perruche
sandstone~grès
Araceli~Araceli
emu's~emu's
QB~QB
outwards~en dehors
correctly~correctly
abaft~en arrière
layoffs~mises à pied
carelessly~négligemment
overattentive~overattentive
cassowaries~casoars
sonority's~de sonorité
undetectable~indétectable
virtuosity~virtuosité
Deneb~Deneb
bewares~se garde
showplaces~hauts lieux
anthropomorphous~anthropomorphe
Fukuoka~Fukuoka
Trotsky's~Trotsky
greats~greats
disinherit~disinherit
superwoman~superwoman
Phoenicia's~Années Phoenicia
Saracen's~sarrasine de
staphylococcal~staphylococcique
refocusing~recentrage
slaughterhouse's~abattoir de
pilgrimage~pèlerinage
hairdressing~hairdressing
bankbooks~livrets de banque
relieve~soulager
boozer~poivrot
backside~arrière
disagreement~disagreement
silkiness's~Années de soyeux
torqued~torques
Hittite~hittite
capacious~vaste
beclouds~obscurcit
horror~horreur
embracing~embracing
malignantly~malignement
piccolo~piccolo
synovial~synovial
yap's~Yap de
oriel's~Oriel de
Elgar~Elgar
ufology~ufologie
dimensions~dimensions
rudderless~rudderless
ringmaster~Monsieur Loyal
alluviums~alluvions
heaves~gonflements
aviatrixes~aviatrixes
sustenance's~subsistance de
lobber's~de lobber
outfielders~outfielders
tact~tact
rim's~jante de
biennium~exercice biennal
teletext's~télétexte de
Nevis's~années Nevis
vault~voûte
hobnailing~hobnailing
hazelnut's~noisettes
deerstalkers~deerstalkers
revolvers~revolvers
shoddiest~mesquine
Yorkie's~Yorkie de
astronomy~astronomie
patella~rotule
judo~judo
assailant~agresseur
vulgarisation's~de avilissement
weakly~faiblement
Dionysus's~Dionysus de
arrays~tableaux
spelunking~spéléologie
counterclockwise~counterclockwise
chiaroscuro~clair-obscur
submissively~soumission
Angkor's~Angkor de
Victor's~Victor
egg's~egg's
uneventful~sans incidents
vaquero's~Vaquero de
smitten~frappé
clumsier~bancals
airbed~matelas pneumatique
lure's~leurre de
carbide's~carbure de
informer's~informateur de
Tirane~tirane
taxmen~taxmen
vandalise~vandaliser
redrawn~redessinée
Lopez's~Lopez
debarked~debarked
splenetic~atrabilaire
roughnecking~roughnecking
crappie's~crappie's
Godspeed~bon voyage
nimble~agile
roughness~rugosité
struggling~en difficulté
Stolichnaya~Stolichnaya
chewers~mâcheurs
bluster~fulminer
Plano~Plano
Yacc's~yacc de
communions~communions
munging~munging
dynamo~dynamo
Bultmann's~Bultmann
ramp~rampe
compere~animateur
hotheadedness~fougue
Trumbull's~Trumbull de
achieving~la réalisation
reddish~rougeâtre
palimony's~de palimony
transmutable~transmutable
motormouths~motormouths
envisioning~envisioning
redividing~repartage
Hallstatt~Hallstatt
retsina~retsina
spaciousness~Habitabilité
flaccid~flaccid
forgone~forgone
demigod~demigod
stowaway's~de passager clandestin
unchaste~impudique
demagogue's~demagogue's
fleeciness's~fleeciness's
Pr's~Pr de
foreshadows~foreshadows
pestilences~pestes
flexibility~flexibility
creek's~creek's
overexposure~surexposition
convocation's~convocation's
Cm~Cm
Taft's~Taft
correspondingly~correspondingly
larked~larked
conference~conférence
edge's~edge's
chlorination~chloration
cultism~cultism
spittle's~crachats de
grans~grans
platys~platys
driveshaft~driveshaft
geophysics~geophysics
chequers~jeu de dames
Thursdays~jeudi
rifler's~rifler de
dubiety~dubiety
congeal~figer
chewing~mastication
resubmitted~soumis à nouveau
exonerating~exonerating
desert's~desert's
hung~sans majorité
sacristan~sacristain
noiselessness~silence
hikes~randonnées
Bernard's~Bernard
gels~gels
Marduk~Marduk
rhombus~rhombe
keyed~claveté
huskiness~enrouement
motel~motel
marinaded~marinée
wagerer's~de wagerer
curatorial~curatorial
Meade~meade
contumacious~contumacious
Mimosa~Mimosa
roughage's~de fibres alimentaires
disporting~disporting
Whitman~Whitman
tutoring~tutorat
Raul's~Raul de
Christlike~christique
doorman's~doorman's
condescended~condescendu
justice's~la justice de
Yonkers~Yonkers
rubbernecking~Rubbernecking
powerlessly~impuissamment
attractant's~de attractant
misprision~misprision
wartime~temps de guerre
haberdashery~haberdashery
envy~envy
poverty's~de la pauvreté
Twain~Twain
Franco's~Franco
Quito~Quito
profiting~profitant
J's~J de
remissness~négligence
punch's~poinçon de
substance~substance
foothill's~foothill's
Providence's~Providence de
Belorussian's~Belorussian de
brands~marques
brownouts~microcoupures
unsportsmanlike~antisportif
blandishes~blandishes
helicopters~hélicoptères
calumet's~calumet de
blatancy~blatancy
tongued~tongued
defrosts~defrosts
lankness~maigreur
bluffing~bluffer
mutterer's~Mutterer de
yielded~a abouti
supplied~fourni
open~ouvrir
satire~satire
downwind~downwind
horsemanship's~de l'équitation
lambently~lambently
applies~applique
myopically~myopes
inebriation's~de enivrement
reverence~révérence
poops~dunettes
Henrik's~Henrik de
Cornelia's~Cornelia de
sawyers~scieurs
intrepid~intrépide
inexpensive~peu coûteux
searches~recherches
whorehouses~bordels
dissembler's~dissembler's
ticker~téléscripteur
fertilises~fertilises
Gruyere's~gruyere de
millilitre~millilitre
Vishnu's~Vishnu
broodily~broodily
squeakiest~squeakiest
storyboard~story-board
electrocardiograph~electrocardiograph
heiress~héritière
interventionist~interventionniste
metricate~metricate
whose~dont
Olympic~olympique
rewrite~récrire
fratricide~fratricide
Alpine's~Alpine de
Yahweh~Yahvé
Soyuz~Soyouz
Scarborough's~Scarborough de
anguishing~angoissantes
ponder~réflechir
Aristotle's~Aristote
beckoned~fit signe
waitress~serveuse
homer~Homère
clefts~fentes
contextualising~contextualising
tropic's~tropique de
lectureships~lectorats
sysops~sysops
Riefenstahl's~Riefenstahl de
refractories~réfractaires
putterer~putterer
nobility~la noblesse
entomologists~entomologists
diverseness's~diverseness's
pixie's~Pixie de
tentacles~tentacules
graphs~graphs
culminating~culminating
cretaceous~cretaceous
serendipity's~de heureux hasard
Hanoverian~Hanovrien
bride~la mariée
deducible~deducible
Swift's~Swift
dynamical~dynamical
garbageman~garbageman
mesh's~années maille
Pizarro's~Pizarro de
untangling~démêlage
trance~transe
covenanted~covenanted
hounds~chiens
noshers~Noshers
financed~financed
origin's~origine de
enlivened~enlivened
eventide~eventide
exchequer~exchequer
manometer~manomètre
Otto~Otto
drab~drab
coons~coons
lots~beaucoup
groundbreaking~groundbreaking
maniocs~maniocs
mouthful~bouchée
outboard's~hors-bord de
cathodes~cathodes
indefinitely~indéfiniment
speleologists~spéléologues
buffoonery's~de bouffonnerie
pericardia~péricarde
woman~femme
Figueroa's~Figueroa de
scraped~gratté
spaded~bêché
thorougher~thorougher
ghouls~ghouls
necked~cou
someway~en quelque sorte
Ghana's~du Ghana
conjunction's~conjonction de
capillarity~capillarité
unsoiled~unsoiled
wears~porte
gruellings~gruellings
aridly~aridly
bloodhounds~bloodhounds
Singh~Singh
diuretics~diuretics
excommunicate~excommunicate
abuts~bute
proofreads~relectures
insufferable~insupportable
doubloon's~doubloon's
bondwoman~bondwoman
dash~dash
riotously~tapageuse
Micronesia~Micronésie
Caloocan's~caloocan de
McCall~McCall
segfault~segfault
griddle~griddle
hostess's~hôtesse de
Noemi~Noemi
obsolesced~obsolesced
Lawanda~Lawanda
extraditable~extraditable
automobiled~automobiled
microorganisms~des micro-organismes
crunch~crunch
grid~grid
discolour~discolour
Omani's~omanais de
rephotographs~rephotographs
ranted~ranted
gamester's~gamester's
ore~minerai
McDonnell's~McDonnell
humidity~humidité
defences~defences
molybdenum's~molybdène de
handsomer~handsomer
shirting~shirting
cougar~cougar
Prussian~prussien
Heliopolis's~Heliopolis de
unworried~unworried
warier~méfiant
localise~localiser
prudishly~prude
thrashing's~raclée de
stalkers~harceleurs
grimaced~grimaced
Gujarat's~Gujarat de
storyteller~conteur
unsafer~peu sûres
piper~cornemuseur
cottar~cottar
Antony~Antony
clampdown's~Années RÉPRESSION
pills~pilules
splotches~splotches
fishbowl~fishbowl
Octavian~Octavian
recycling~recyclage
timeserving~timeserving
kleptomaniacs~kleptomane
signoras~signoras
inspired~inspiré
disengagement~disengagement
propensity~propension
fraternisers~fraternisers
discomfiting~discomfiting
buffering~tampon
benefit~avantage
lipsticked~maquillée
corniness's~corniness's
interferon's~interféron de
catacomb~catacombes
jot~iota
heady~capiteux
Nicaraguan's~du Nicaragua de
jaunts~Escapade
Dionysian's~de dionysiaques
argon's~argon de
absolves~absout
Anglo's~Anglo de
brigantine's~brigantin de
outboxes~Outboxes
beggary~mendicité
lovesick~Malade d'amour
Harley~Harley
reeds~roseaux
blustered~tempêté
pedalled~pédalé
Salonika's~salonika de
mommy~maman
baffled~déconcerté
Taoist~taoïste
promptitude's~de promptitude
foursomes~foursomes
mateys~mateys
upreared~upreared
Chuvash~tchouvache
generalist~generalist
hymn~hymne
fractured~fractured
brunch's~Brunch de
telegraphese~télégraphique
decorates~decorates
traps~pièges
scrabbled~scrabbled
exaggerates~exaggerates
snugness~snugness
tape's~bande de
paltry~dérisoire
felicitates~felicitates
whalebone's~de fanons
discontinuing~discontinuing
smokestack's~de smokestack
sickles~faucilles
reinstatement~réintégration
franchises~franchises
Elbrus~Elbrus
woodpile's~de woodpile
aerobatic~acrobaties aériennes
miller's~Miller
sullener~sullener
convenience~convenience
putrefy~putréfier
sorcery's~de la sorcellerie
Martel~Martel
uracil~uracile
codded~codded
Santiago~Santiago
bola's~bola de
Goebbels~Goebbels
Aussies~Aussies
functions~functions
enshrined~enshrined
volatility's~la volatilité du
religiously~religieusement
pleading~plaidoirie
disjoint~disjoint
Saatchi's~Saatchi de
shimmied~shimmied
fluoride~fluoride
factorial's~factorial's
obtusely~obtuse
relegate~reléguer
porker~porc à l'engrais
voice's~voix
Dona~Dona
tuberous~tubéreuse
Dorcas~Dorcas
peanut~cacahuète
cloture's~de cloture
broncobusters~broncobusters
bacteriologic~bactériologie
neatened~neatened
slagged~slagged
oxford~oxford
clones~clones
foully~foully
miaowing~miaulement
crackhead~crackhead
daiquiri's~daiquiri's
crowd~crowd
sharpshooter~tireur d'élite
dripping's~dripping's
Case~Cas
scarification's~scarification de
borderland's~région frontalière de
misanthrope's~de misanthrope
bullhead~Bullhead
mutative~mutative
Quakerisms~Quakerisms
brag~se vanter
answering~réponse
Nuremberg's~Nuremberg de
raisin's~raisins secs
patriarch~patriarche
yea~oui
gadgetry's~gadgetry's
thoracic~thoracique
misconceived~mal conçue
amazons~Amazones
frigidity~frigidity
verged~convergé
Szilard's~Szilard de
by~par
soil's~du sol
whereabouts~où
overhang's~de faux
underneath's~est au-dessous
acquaintance's~des connaissances
undeservedly~à tort
Belushi~Belushi
impatient~impatient
Tijuana~Tijuana
counterpanes~counterpanes
catechism~catéchisme
emasculates~emasculates
what~quelle
weirdie's~de curieux
orchestra~orchestre
sheepdogs~sheepdogs
Kawabata's~Kawabata de
overpower~maîtriser
calcine~calciner
topographical~topographique
attache~attaché
overdrive~surmultipliée
stigmatisation's~la stigmatisation de
accumulation's~l'accumulation de
abusers~agresseurs
courtly~courtly
parables~paraboles
Calhoun's~Calhoun
credible~credible
confessed~avoué
magnetism's~le magnétisme de
conspirator's~conspirateur de
interrelated~interdépendants
fishy~fishy
prohibit~interdire
reinvents~réinvente
camellias~camélias
neanderthal's~de Neandertal
Maoism's~maoïsme de
flattens~flattens
valedictory~valedictory
aniseed~anis
unimpressive~peu impressionnant
Constance's~Constance de
Ulyanovsk~Ulyanovsk
Irishmen's~Années Irishmen
Kipling's~Kipling
Handy's~Handy
peered~scruté
pressurisation~pressurisation
flamed~flamed
captivities~captivités
figurehead's~figurehead's
tenanting~leur occupation
caged~mis en cage
coupon's~coupon's
McGee's~McGee
Vivian's~Vivian
Ganges~Ganges
cryosurgery's~cryosurgery's
reprocessing~retraitement
comeliness~beauté
equations~equations
Seychelles's~Années Seychelles
windmilled~windmilled
cocaine's~de la cocaïne
pharmacologist's~pharmacologue de
spendthrifts~gaspilleurs
Mozambicans~Mozambicains
mischance~malchance
plumpness's~de plumpness
strategies~stratégies
centrepieces~surtouts
palpating~palpé
deviancy~deviancy
already~déjà
splintering~écaillage
circumscribe~limiter
uproars~tapages
countermelodies~countermelodies
craftswomen~craftswomen
ether's~ether's
beach's~plage de
aitch's~aitch de
regressions~régressions
employment~employment
immersion~immersion
Green's~Légumes verts
midsize~midsize
leafy~feuillu
accretion~accumulation
trashy~sale
Otis~Otis
Marlboro~Marlboro
sobs~sanglots
relativism's~le relativisme de
Bactria's~Bactriane de
Zagreb~Zagreb
demonstrations~demonstrations
indemnified~dédommagé
breaths~souffles
lassies~lassies
locust's~acridienne de
skidding~dérapages
securities~titres
dowse~dowse
authoresses~authoresses
indicate~indiquer
OKs~OKs
swampland~swampland
topdressings~topdressings
cognisable~connaissable
buggered~foutu
blackly~en noir
adjournment's~ajournement de
mutagens~mutagenes
combated~combattit
fumigated~fumigated
Augustine's~Augustin
cobra's~cobra de
paprika~paprika
antisemitism's~antisémitisme de
revision's~de révision
carter~charretier
croquette~croquette
vitrified~vitrifié
beverage~boisson
baaing~baaing
commissary~économat
sames~SAMES
glibness~glibness
rangiest~rangiest
anticyclone's~de anticyclonique
bandanna's~années bandana
innermost~le plus profond
Cassius~Cassius
unruliest~unruliest
begetting~engendrement
fork~fork
Lodz's~Lodz de
skivers~feignants
claustrophobia~claustrophobie
boyishness~puérilité
boldfaced~en gras
lightships~bateaux-phares
narrowness~étroitesse
photoelectrically~photoélectriquement
alliterative~allitératif
enshroud~enshroud
southernmost~méridionale
Ting~Ting
biscuit's~des biscuits
waves~vagues
anchorman's~de Anchorman
mouser~mouser
mislaying~égarement
madder~garance
streetcar's~streetcar de
intermingled~entremêlés
Sikh's~sikhs
astrolabe's~astrolabe
gurgled~gurgled
literacy's~de l'alphabétisation
coyly~coyly
platitudes~lieux communs
shrived~shrived
Johnny~Johnny
Uriah~Urie
Timex~Timex
squirmed~tortillé
esteemed~esteemed
recants~rétracte
cruxes~cruxes
Richthofen's~Richthofen de
script's~scénario à
applicator's~applicateur de
particulars~coordonnées
Margret's~Margret de
Ivan~Ivan
sprockets~pignons
Brahma~Brahma
QWERTY~QWERTY
Nebraska~Nebraska
service~un service
metricised~metricised
Rorschach~rorschach
camcorder~caméscope
tyrannises~tyrannise
dividends~dividends
raids~raids
privacy~intimité
fuhrer's~fuhrer's
hymnals~hymnals
properer~properer
provability~prouvabilité
snootier~snootier
metal's~les métaux
targeting~ciblage, ciblé, ciblant
Erato~Erato
article~article
circumpolar~circumpolaire
solitaire~solitaire
No~Non
communique~communiqué
climate's~le climat de
Fillmore~Fillmore
emetics~emetics
Spahn's~Spahn de
hogshead's~muid de
battledore's~battoir de
Imhotep~Imhotep
timelier~opportune
sexily~sexily
restraints~dispositifs de retenue
twilight~crépuscule
strolling~ambulant
amoebas~amibes
obeys~obéisse
necklaces~colliers
backstabbers~backstabbers
revenuer's~de revenuer
forkful's~forkful's
mod~mod
amusing~amusant
malformation's~malformation de
releasable~libérable
hundredweights~hundredweights
manpower's~de la main-d'œuvre
enthusiasms~enthusiasms
diamond~diamond
gazer~gazer
boules~boules
precis~précis
diminution~diminution
pares~pares
minces~hachis
watchable~regardable
investigating~enquête
puns~jeux de mots
slyer~slyer
mistook~Mistook
abrasives~abrasifs
fixation~fixation
Coors's~Coors de
biweeklies~bihebdomadaires
joyriding~balade en voiture volée
avoided~éviter
rehash~remanier
sycophants~flagorneurs
Marla's~Marla de
lumber's~bois de
Churchill~Churchill
aids~sida
biospheres~biosphères
jalapeno's~jalapeno de
rinks~patinoires
renames~renommages
payoffs~gains
passivizing~passivizing
Lubbock~Lubbock
omnivore~omnivore
plantlike~plantlike
headdresses~coiffures
airwaves's~Airwaves de
stun~étourdir
Boleyn~Boleyn
inglenook~cantou
consolidating~la consolidation
innkeeper's~aubergiste de
Smetana~Smetana
plebeian's~de plébéiens
myopia's~années myopie
veterinarian~vétérinaire
defence~defence
landaus~landaus
loitering's~de flânerie
curbstone~curbstone
autocratic~autocratique
tongs~pinces
sell's~vente de
permanence~la permanence
Long's~lONGUES
Molina's~Molina de
Letitia's~Letitia de
dandifies~dandifies
prizes~prix
unsaturated~insaturé
gristle~gristle
perpetual~perpétuel
farthing's~farthing's
Rhonda's~Rhonda de
merchant's~marchand de
flak's~flak's
pledge~gage
immensely~immensément
reactant's~réactif de
evacuations~evacuations
celibate~célibataire
thesis's~La thèse de
armada~armada
kittens~chatons
renovating~rénovation
Nivea's~nivea de
Frobisher's~Frobisher
headwaiters~maîtres d'hôtel
dollies~dollies
mane~crinière
builders~constructeurs
vulgarian~personne vulgaire
browsed~naviguerez
circumcised~circoncis
drowsy~drowsy
pantheist's~panthéiste de
bustles~tournures
maven~Maven
jigger~jigger
sprout~germer
vests~gilets
Tex's~Tex des
atavistic~atavique
clack~claquement
Margie~Margie
liven~animer
wax's~de cire
encountering~encountering
technique's~technique de
LLD~LLD
Senegal's~du Sénégal
Albertan~Albertain
monstrance~ostensoir
Barton's~Barton
Jacques~Jacques
metricates~metricates
Delmonico's~Delmonico
spitefulness's~de méchancetés
Malachi~Malachie
blamelessly~irréprochablement
epiglottises~epiglottises
queasier~queasier
interlocked~agrafé
bragging~vantardise
Shintoism~shintoïsme
leukaemia~leucémie
regency's~de régence
if's~si ce
layabouts~layabouts
granaries~granaries
Pt~Pt
fraterniser's~fraterniser's
Myers~Myers
popularising~populariser
me~moi
ablation's~ablation de
sycophant's~de sycophante
genital~genital
minx~friponne
ingredient's~Ingrédients
minibus's~minibus de
unwisest~unwisest
sienna~terre de sienne
ailment's~maladie de
ported~porté
competence~compétence
responsiveness~réactivité
peradventure~adventure
bumblebees~bourdons
burn's~brûler de
swept~balayé
blindfolds~bandeaux
Eiffel's~Eiffel de
sinuously~sinueusement
Seth's~Seth
ileum~iléon
replayed~rejouée
untidier~plus en désordre
epistemology~epistemology
intersperse~semer
reincarnate~réincarner
misdemeanours~délits
impress~impressionner
turbofan~turbofan
Stevie's~Stevie
NWT~TN-O
demons~demons
aggrieving~affliger
pimientos~pimientos
yardsticks~étalons
defray~defray
postponing~remettre à plus tard
waylayer's~waylayer de
iota~iota
forwardly~forwardly
offshoring~offshoring
tariff~tarif
O'Toole~O'Toole
failed~failed
lyricism's~le lyrisme de
forethought's~forethought's
hazel's~Hazel
armatures~armatures
cutlet's~cutlet's
Shawnee~Shawnee
unscathed~indemne
orgasm~orgasme
Renoir~Renoir
environmentally~environmentally
Greer~Greer
YWCA's~YWCA
waspishness~waspishness
cenotaph's~du cénotaphe
improvidently~imprévoyance
poach~pocher
faith's~faith's
moviegoer's~de moviegoer
gesture~gesture
unshackling~Désentraver
misdirection~erronée
mahout's~cornac de
backwardness~état arriéré
break~Pause
scrabblers~scrabblers
Galveston's~Galveston de
purveys~purveys
Nazca~Nazca
astonished~étonné
expression's~expression's
antagonises~antagonise
spayed~castrés
restriction's~restriction de
servomechanism's~de servomécanisme
Epstein's~Epstein
grab~grab
rationality~rationalité
stogies~stogies
apathy's~apathie de
understudy~en cours d'étude
footloose~footloose
twinset~twin-set
familiarisation~familiarisation
sneaky~sournois
closet's~de garde-robe
maidenhair's~maidenhair de
unison's~unisson de
krypton~krypton
detestation's~detestation's
grandchild's~grandchild's
dirigible's~dirigible's
sightlier~sightlier
dhow's~dhow's
unharnesses~unharnesses
inverting~inverseuse
pottery's~de la poterie
waddled~dandinant
croutons~croutons
lungfish's~Années Lungfish
jurist's~juriste de
kenning~kenning
steeplejack~cordiste
Bethesda's~Bethesda de
weaponizes~weaponizes
allspice~quatre-épices
cricked~cricked
dignitary's~dignitary's
Aleichem~Aleichem
ellipsoid's~ellipsoid's
renomination~renomination
statesmanlike~d'homme d'Etat
sleazeball~sleazeball
amplifiers~amplificateurs
Jekyll's~Jekyll de
concavity's~de concavité
nonpunishable~nonpunishable
Andromeda~Andromède
obsolescence's~l'obsolescence de
ablution~ablution
Poe~Poe
shitfaced~shitfaced
classmate~camarade de classe
previewer~prévisualiseur
absorbed~absorbé
unsnap~Détachez
wine's~vins
scatology's~de scatologie
eulogisers~eulogisers
repressions~refoulements
affection's~affection de
penetrable~pénétrable
fishery's~fishery's
Democrat's~démocrate de
snicked~snicked
shekels~shekels
attune~harmoniser
clingier~clingier
descriptive~descriptive
pointless~inutile
running's~de course à pied
jockstrap~suspensoir
filters~filters
ambassador's~ambassadeur de
dropkick's~dropkick's
laburnum's~cytise de
legging's~leggings
Rockne's~Rockne de
circumvents~contourne
struggles~luttes
quicksilver's~quicksilver de
decoratively~decoratively
darned~darned
escritoires~escritoires
brazes~brasures
slob~plouc
endeavours~endeavours
Irishwoman~Irlandaise
foppery~foppery
expectantly~expectantly
codons~codons
Rolex~Rolex
thumbtacks~thumbtacks
mobilisation's~la mobilisation de
vigilantism's~de vigilantism
spinach~épinard
deterrents~deterrents
biggies~biggies
popularisation~popularisation
inaudible~inaudible
equestrians~equestrians
internship~stage
eggbeaters~eggbeaters
guarding~guarding
ricocheted~ricoché
Jr~Jr
ascertained~déterminé
transposing~transpositeur
observations~observations
octagonal~octogonal
presumes~presumes
conservationism's~de conservationism
vinyl~vinyle
turnkey's~clé en main de
polo's~polos
royally~royalement
savannas~savanes
baobab~baobab
trueloves~trueloves
ogler's~ogler de
ramie~ramie
ponies~poneys
axing~axing
tryingly~tryingly
flouring~flouring
jiffies~jiffies
Capra's~Capra
raiding~raids
pet~animal de compagnie
pantaloons's~Années Pantaloons
sylphs~sylphes
reconsecrating~reconsecrating
In~Dans
glided~glided
bossy~autoritaire
switchboard's~tableau de
flyspecking~flyspecking
Vorster~Vorster
Land~Terre
goddaughter's~goddaughter's
angler's~de pêcheur à la ligne
shunt~shunter
Stu~Stu
geometric~geometric
Laplace~Laplace
ibuprofen~ibuprofène
priesthoods~sacerdoces
howdahs~howdahs
flourishing~flourishing
Tampax's~Tampax de
Rosenzweig~Rosenzweig
behaviourism~behaviorisme
Dickinson~Dickinson
credits~credits
Merck's~Merck
ethical~ethical
grisliness's~grisliness's
cologne~eau de Cologne
oncogenes~oncogènes
miniatures~miniatures
optimisation~optimisation
rattlers~crotales
epee's~epee's
Solis's~Années Solis
risings~levers
wineries~établissements vinicoles
regeneration's~régénérations
coracles~coracles
MM~MM
slack's~pantalon
glitzier~glitzier
boleros~boléros
grist's~grist's
peachy~Peachy
consonance~consonance
offensively~offensivement
declassifies~declassifies
diesel's~diesel's
stave's~douve de
acquiesces~acquiesce
hogan's~hogan de
shortlists~shortlists
stogie~cigare
shepherdesses~bergères
insomnia's~l'insomnie de
talkie's~talkie de
flagship~flagship
Emmanuel's~d'Emmanuel
Janis's~Janis de
cork's~cork's
knowable~connaissable
oceanographer's~océanographe de
dyspeptic's~dyspeptic's
animals~animaux
captivation's~de captivation
cassavas~maniocs
Whistler~Whistler
Drew's~Drew
guacamole~guacamole
caseworker~travailleur social
smoggiest~smoggiest
steadfastness's~de fermeté
cultural~cultural
reinterpretation~réinterprétation
boundaries~limites
nozzles~buses
proffers~profère
earth~earth
beau's~beau de
spoonbills~spatules
gasoline's~gasoline's
petabytes~pétaoctets
BM~BM
hap~hap
Dacrons~dacrons
inconsequential~sans conséquence
platens~plateaux
continua~continua
Hertz~Hertz
disliking~disliking
noblest~le plus noble
onrushing~onrushing
nonreciprocal's~non réciproque de
worships~vénère
AIDS~sida
seamstresses~couturières
bookbinder's~relieur de
hollowness's~de creux
deduces~deduces
Sargon~Sargon
desiring~desiring
tumblers~culbuteurs
Nashua~Nashua
unease's~malaise de
tie's~cravates
breastwork~parapet
braille~braille
snowball~boule de neige
Kisangani's~Kisangani de
Bering~Bering
Saracen~Sarrasin
hibernated~hiberné
reinvented~réinventé
shopaholics~shopaholics
deprogrammed~deprogrammed
chatting~bavardage
tessellate~paver
insincerity~manque de sincérité
personification's~personnification de
hydrometry~hydrométrie
curlers~curlers
invitee~invitee
wills~testaments
Belmont~Belmont
met~rencontré
wiving~wiving
braggadocios~fanfarons
phaseouts~élimination progressive
hardheadedly~hardheadedly
ravage~ravager
Sandoval's~Sandoval de
upstaged~relégué au second plan
hobnob~fréquenter
strives~efforce
raisin~raisin
lifeboats~canots de sauvetage
anaesthetics~anesthésiques
pickings's~Années cueillettes
knockdown's~Années knockdown
braises~braisés
underscore's~underscore de
shareable~partageable
sentimentalises~sentimentalises
Visigoth's~wisigothique de
produce~produire
hawsers~aussières
outdo~surpasser
cruncher~cruncher
chorus's~choeur de
handmaidens~handmaidens
race~course
belabouring~vouloir insister
aloes~aloes
vacuumed~aspirés
revenging~vengeant
expedition's~expedition's
Nuremberg~Nuremberg
Florine's~Florine
pursues~exerce son activité
bejewel~bejewel
lankly~lankly
Nash's~Nash
Creole's~Créole de
Coimbatore~Coimbatore
Karroo~karroo
PMS~PMS
quirk's~bizarrerie de
squawked~squawked
mystique's~mystique de
Saul's~Saul de
chestier~Chestier
purulence's~de purulence
baritone~baryton
birthing~accouchement
maniacs~maniaques
Ora's~Ora de
jubilee's~jubilé
billet's~billettes de
bigamist's~bigame de
downsides~downsides
melons~melons
fantastic~fantastic
panic's~de panique
beseems~sied
morphine~morphine
sop's~PON
supercomputers~supercalculateurs
prop~soutenir
countermove~countermove
objurgation's~objurgations de
Sphinx's~Sphinx de
boxier~boxier
nutriment~substance nutritive
Sonya~Sonya
Debs's~Années Debs
creamer's~creamer's
bathmat~tapis de bain
demulcents~demulcents
rasps~râpes
supplementation~supplémentation
Carver's~Carver de
oppressing~opprimer
bicarb's~Années bicarb
plasticises~plastifie
Qatar~Qatar
gleefully~gleefully
gripes~gripes
coots~coots
splurge~faire des folies
miscalls~identifications erronées
consequences~conséquences
menfolks~menfolks
portents~présages
story's~L'histoire de
Bligh's~Bligh de
topspin's~de Topspin
trooping~Trooping
swinging~balançant
unification~unification
sinless~sans péché
intermingling~entremêlement
cowpokes~cowpokes
downsizing~downsizing
piqued~piqued
championships~championnats
revokes~révoque
freshness's~freshness's
pitcher's~pitcher
persuaded~persuadé
ICBMs~ICBM
baps~BAPS
interstices~interstices
retaliates~se venge
Monica's~de Monica
Han's~Han
Jessie~Jessie
hums~bourdonne
brawler~bagarreur
attendants~préposés
update~mettre à jour
manufactured~fabriqué
antonymous~antonyme
tradeswoman~marchande
Tibetans~Les Tibétains
furriest~furriest
pigeonholes~boulins
microfilmed~microfilmés
tunnel~tunnel
Mitford's~Mitford de
bracken~fougère
spars~espars
woodlouse~cloporte
Maryanne's~Maryanne de
senorita~Senorita
colonnaded~colonnades
legatees~légataires
Pan's~Des casseroles
interludes~intermèdes
roadshow~roadshow
slums~taudis
preshrinking~prérétraction
nitpickers~nitpickers
Kiev~Kiev
midlands~midlands
snobby~snobby
garnishment's~garnishment's
dedicators~dedicators
jointing~jointoiement
zipping~passer comme un éclair
retrograding~rétrogradant
wee's~wee de
weirs~déversoirs
Standish's~Standish de
mantis~mante
sincere~sincère
uncleanlier~uncleanlier
windchill~Windchill
quixotic~chimérique
pivoted~pivoté
prepping~apprêter
ramifying~ramifiant
Bechtel~Bechtel
edges~edges
Wolfgang~Wolfgang
magniloquence's~magniloquence de
Nirvana~Nirvana
affair's~affaires
Zedekiah's~Sédécias de
overbear~vaincre
Augustan~augustéenne
bibliographic~bibliographique
gastritis~gastritis
ingestion~ingestion
metropolis's~métropole de
preacher~prédicateur
messiahs~messies
encrust~encrust
inkstands~encriers
albumin~albumine
chastity's~de chasteté
resurgences~résurgences
acknowledged~reconnu
forebears~forebears
speakerphone~haut-parleur
debilitation~debilitation
horsepower~cheval-vapeur
disasters~disasters
Hale's~Hale
dressmaking~dressmaking
sourpuss's~Années Sourpuss
lambskin~peau d'agneau
subatomic~subatomique
Senegal~Sénégal
gossamer's~gossamer's
ghetto's~ghetto's
apprenticeships~apprentissage
where~où
roebucks~daims
spokesperson~porte-parole
tearjerker~tearjerker
endgame~endgame
Vela's~Vela de
predicaments~situations difficiles
cloisonne~cloisonne
prepuce's~de prépuce
Dmitri~Dmitri
physiologists~physiologistes
ruffed~ruffed
chasm~gouffre
Wozniak~Wozniak
Erse~ers
wanted~voulait
bestrew~jonchent
Rubinstein's~Rubinstein
cranky~cranky
Parliament's~Parlement de
aquanaut~aquanaut
Micmac's~Micmac de
Irving's~Irving
daycare's~daycare's
bisection's~de bissection
leaps~sauts
botcher's~saboteur de
Schrieffer's~Schrieffer de
Menkent's~Menkent de
convertible~convertible
crimsons~crimsons
caucus's~caucus
trowels~truelles
afterlife's~vie après la mort de
aliyahs~aliyahs
motionlessness~immobilisme
shrub~arbuste
flyer~flyer
staunchness's~de fermeté
Burnett's~Burnett
plutonium's~du plutonium
lumpiness's~de indivisibilité
ripening~maturité
Ehrenberg's~Ehrenberg de
angleworms~angleworms
symptoms~symptômes
monitory~monitoire
afterword~épilogue
harvesting~récolte
romper~barboteuse
Paleogene's~Paléogène de
Dobbin's~Dobbin de
Synge's~Synge de
patriarchy's~du système patriarcal
shortsightedness's~de imprévoyance
unmarketable~invendable
Greensleeves's~Années Greensleeves
thorax's~thorax de
satisfaction~la satisfaction
Chinatown~quartier chinois
weathercock~girouette
congruities~convenances
band~B: et
caddies~caddies
quadrillions~quadrillions
Aesop~Ésope
ablative~ablatif
Spenserian's~Spenserian de
anglicism~anglicisme
principle~principe
plaudit's~de plaudit
outbound~sortant
Sherwood's~Sherwood de
swooned~pâmé
chaperones~chaperons
kilned~étuvé
reconsecration~reconsécration
opprobrium's~de opprobres
smoothness's~la douceur de
rapacious~rapace
muddiest~boueuse
truncated~tronqué
trawled~traînants
scrunched~chiffonné
cabbage~chou
Honecker~Honecker
spellbinder's~de Spellbinder
nipple~mamelon
legged~legged
Mirabeau~Mirabeau
massively~massivement
Avior~Avior
values~valeurs
bray~braire
espoused~espoused
abdomen~abdomen
Mar's~Mars
Weller's~Weller de
bigmouth's~Années bigmouth
oscillate~osciller
rebroadcasts~rediffuse
crossroads~crossroads
midpoint's~milieu de
prissiness's~de pruderie
log's~journal de
Palmer's~Palmer
throwing~lancement
diurnally~diurnally
chemist's~pharmacie
Hines~Hines
rubbishing~rubbishing
kneecapping~gambizzazione
platter~plat
timepieces~garde-temps
slip~caleçon
despotism~despotism
overvaluation~surestimation
Barnaby's~Barnaby de
laud's~Laud de
phonology's~de la phonologie
Valencia's~Valencia de
churchgoer~pratiquant
gathering's~gathering's
uncollected~non perçus
foreperson's~foreperson's
frothing~frothing
moaner's~de râleur
jealous~jaloux
unconditioned~inconditionné
attending~assister à
Berta~Berta
Hiawatha's~Hiawatha de
midrib~nervure centrale
founds~founds
stockbreeder's~eleveur de
forehead~forehead
unrepeatable~répétable
Plymouth~Plymouth
springiness~souplesse
nail's~ongles
menservants~valets de chambre
busiest~le plus achalandé
effigies~effigies
whey's~petit-lait de
trumpet's~trompette de
ileitis's~Années iléite
fortuity's~fortuity's
standings~Classement
carpels~carpelles
nearer~plus près
solicits~sollicite
vuvuzela~vuvuzela
revolutionary~révolutionnaire
doublet's~doublet's
roadblocked~roadblocks
aquaplanes~aquaplanes
crab~crab
chiding~réprimandant
shoppes~Shoppes
organist's~organiste de
masque's~Masque de
palpation~palpation
marketable~commercialisable
Allah~Allah
captive's~prisonniers
zed's~Zed
Nansen~Nansen
robotics's~de robotique
geometrical~geometrical
acceptable~acceptable
paperhanging~papiers peints
eternal~eternal
potters~potiers
fete~fete
Scandinavian's~de scandinaves
pavlova~pavlova
culled~culled
calumny's~de la calomnie
cigarette~cigarette
her~sa
Walker~Marcheur
cravats~cravats
placekick's~botté de placement de
east~east
deliriously~deliriously
stoneware's~grès de
hoodlums~truands
foreman~foreman
leaky~qui fuit
seconded~détaché
inuring~habituant
poolrooms~poolrooms
Stark~Rigide
mongols~mongols
encyclical's~encyclical's
Slackware~Slackware
yawing~embardées
cursory~cursory
notarisation~notarial
Titus's~Titus de
neighs~hennissements
Alabamans~Alabamans
agriculturist's~de cultivateur
foldout~foldout
engulf~engulf
sabotages~sabotages
usefulness's~l'utilité de
environment~environment
tepee~tepee
Norwegian~norvégien
decay~decay
bedizen~parer
anaconda~anaconda
Amen's~Amen de
moated~moated
reassessed~réévaluées
cursive's~cursive's
rethinks~repense
protecting~protéger
Judas's~Années Judas
pizza's~Pizza de
chamomile~camomille
chaining~chaînage
Sakhalin's~Sakhaline de
irregularity~irrégularité
Bakersfield's~Bakersfield de
transcript~transcription
radiometers~radiomètres
Florentine~Florentin
sunbonnet's~Années capeline
commercials~publicités
Tainan~Tainan
mechanics's~mécanique de
rate~taux
Bannister's~rampe d'escalier de
wizened~desséché
synthesis's~synthèse de
footlights's~footlights's
lashings~lashings
outfoxes~outfoxes
actuary~actuaire
yodelling~jodel
Moe~Moe
aims~objectifs
wildebeest's~gnous de
epidemiologist's~epidemiologist's
mercy's~miséricorde
regex~regex
airbrushed~retouchées
conjoins~conjoignant
douse~douse
rustication~rustication
seahorses~hippocampes
karaoke's~karaoké de
inapplicable~inapplicable
tortuousness~tortuosité
tediousness's~de tediousness
sledgehammering~sledgehammering
continuance's~continuance's
denaturation~denaturation
kazoos~mirlitons
megabucks's~Années Megabucks
emulated~emulated
lividly~lividement
federates~federates
expensiveness's~expensiveness's
excess's~excess's
brontosaurus~brontosaure
earn~earn
draper~draper
predecessor's~prédécesseurs
gulch's~gulch's
monk's~les moines
ritualistic~ritualiste
handhelds~handhelds
plastic~Plastique
contraception's~contraception's
Nb~Nb
Joan~Joan
crusades~crusades
sesame~sésame
sulphurs~soufres
Smollett~Smollett
Rocha's~Rocha de
processed~traité
crossbowman's~crossbowman's
axon~axone
blunders~bévues
pointedly~ostensiblement
whimsy~fantaisie
infestation~infestation
vectored~Vectored
forthrightness's~forthrightness's
Moroni's~Moroni de
diminutives~diminutives
pushchair~poussette
store's~magasins
circumflex's~circonflexe de
refutes~refute
stutterer's~de bègue
copywriters~copywriters
rainbow~arc en ciel
Proteus's~Proteus de
pitilessly~sans pitié
demagoguery's~demagoguery's
financier's~financier's
traitors~traîtres
frilly~frilly
Salas's~Salas de
angleworm's~Années angleworm
Elysee~Elysée
depositors~depositors
systemic's~systémique de
visas~visas
picaresque~picaresque
inhalator~inhalator
repels~repousse
litany's~litanie de
multi~multi
Byrd's~Byrd
Seeger's~Seeger de
riyal's~de riyal
atmosphere~atmosphère
espresso's~espresso's
declaimer's~declaimer's
Margo~Margo
spectrum~spectre
fluid's~fluid's
canoodled~canoodled
Sharron~Sharron
rail~rail
bootee's~de bottine
unguarded~non gardé
sanctified~sanctifiés
mudslinger~boue pour
ruck~mêlée ouverte
mattress's~matelas de
whiny~geignard
inelegantly~inélégante
kidskin~peau de chevreau
buts~buts
librettos~librettos
Pu~Pu
coypus~coypus
Valenti's~Valenti de
homed~homed
photons~photons
Philippe's~Philippe de
beating's~bat
kazoo~kazoo
scrolling~défilement
invalidated~invalidée
glitz~glitz
bootee~bottillon
coloureds~mulâtres
manageresses~gérantes
musician~musicien
discolorations~discolorations
excursively~excursively
Judaical~Judaïque
empowerment's~empowerment's
machinists~machinistes
insatiable~insatiable
isosceles~isocèle
sharecropper~métayer
dyspepsia's~dyspepsia's
timbers~bois
Penderecki~Penderecki
HIV's~VIH de
engaging~engaging
hazelnut~Noisette
Edinburgh~Edinburgh
abundant~abondant
femaleness~femaleness
Catt's~Catt de
emeralds~emeralds
sheriffs~shérifs
Ibo~Ibo
turduckens~turducken
vacations~les vacances
expurgations~expurgations
legumes~légumineuses
OSes~OSes
bollixes~bollixes
ineptness's~ineptness de
buyer~acheteur
Normand~Normand
incommoding~incommoder
homestretch's~de dernière ligne droite
divisible~divisible
Hamburg's~Hamburg de
woodcock's~bécasse de
equalling~equalling
tamper~altérer
diapers~diapers
euthenics's~euthenics's
Armour~Armure
confabbed~confabbed
formatting's~formatting's
quoits~jeu de palet
teller~caissier
shinguard's~protège-tibias
jovially~jovialement
unpretentiously~unpretentiously
commotions~commotions
unequivocally~sans équivoque
diets~diets
stern's~poupe
mathematician's~mathématicien de
squabble's~de se chamaillent
whisky~whisky
cottager's~cottager's
anapest~anapeste
snottier~snottier
militarisation~militarisation
adventuresome~aventureux
Spielberg~Spielberg
reengages~réengage
Pollyanna's~Pollyanna de
PTA~ZEP
jawboned~jawboned
pluperfects~pluperfects
scaling~mise à l'échelle
showgirl's~Années showgirl
premeds~premeds
submerses~submerses
enfranchising~enfranchising
bodacious~Bodacious
cherubs~angelots
gamekeeper~gamekeeper
Darrel~Darrel
Latvian~letton
Neogene~Néogène
masterwork~chef-d'œuvre
satyrs~satyres
menopausal~ménopausique
pastrami~pastrami
proselytiser's~de prosélyte
Saratov's~saratov de
Georgina~Georgina
Sappho~Sappho
misconceptions~idées fausses
reflectively~pensivement
benefices~bénéfices
knee's~les genoux
metalworking~Travail des métaux
Berkshire's~Berkshire de
scab~gale
zealously~jalousement
pomposity~solennité
perimeter's~périmètre de
respectfulness's~de respectfulness
gatehouse~gatehouse
collarbone's~clavicules de
governments~governments
rekindles~ranime
caddie~caddie
maraschino's~Années marasquin
shoemaker~cordonnier
highchair~chaise haute
punsters~calembours
unconstitutionally~inconstitutionnellement
liars~menteurs
hats~Chapeaux
popcorn~pop corn
ordinance~ordonnance
pubescent~pubescent
doberman~doberman
warranty's~garantie de
dosshouses~dosshouses
ill~mauvais
advancing~faire avancer
uric~urique
facts~facts
neutrinos~neutrino
blips~blips
hoof's~sabot de
phoney~faux
staunchest~plus ferme
oligonucleotides~oligonucléotides
Mirzam~Mirzam
complimented~complimenté
robber's~voleur de
chloride's~de chlorure
raspberry's~framboise de
mantelpiece~manteau de cheminée
Carmichael's~Carmichael
finals~finals
waterbed's~waterbed de
gustiest~gustiest
flatiron~flatiron
peristyle's~Années péristyle
cellulose~cellulose
showiness~showiness
rosined~rosined
alga~algue
outflanks~outflanks
phosphorescence~phosphorescence
milkshake's~milkshakes
mimicking~mimer
Pugh~Pugh
unchanged~inchangé
foretell~foretell
Oran's~Oran de
Rhineland's~Rhénanie du
salesman~vendeur
Tia's~Tia de
pianoforte~pianoforte
ling~lingue
prankster's~farceur de
vulgarians~vulgaires
Jarvis's~Jarvis
showplace~showplace
Thunderbird~Thunderbird
pockets~les poches
soberest~sobre
hazily~vaguement
inconsolable~inconsolable
forecast~forecast
earmarks~earmarks
cantilever~cantilever
countermeasure's~countermeasure's
trad~Trad
dowser~dowser
woodlice~cloportes
poplin's~popeline de
monomer~monomère
hammy~hammy
nettle's~ortie de
gelded~gelded
semicircular~demi-circulaire
galvanism~galvanism
reconstitutes~reconstitue
substructure's~sous-structure de
suggestibility's~de suggestibilité
Valerian's~valériane de
streaker's~de streaker
heuristically~heuristically
Bardeen~Bardeen
Meier's~Meier
dehumanising~dehumanising
hirsuteness's~hirsuteness de
girting~girting
uninspiring~sans intérêt
resultant's~ce qui en résulte
chiaroscuro's~Années chiaroscuro
Mauritian~mauricienne
flashback's~flashback's
hypothetical~hypothétique
ejection~ejection
samovar~samovar
stockbroking~courtage
shack's~cabane de
spontaneous~spontané
honoured~honoré
lacewing~chrysope
psychos~psychos
lorry~camion
econometric~econometric
sacrileges~sacrilèges
Lipton's~Lipton
hypnotised~hypnotisé
fortitude~fortitude
neolithic~néolithique
spooling~spool
recentest~recentest
intimidation~intimidation
impresario~impresario
frontiers~frontiers
blocked~bloqué
formless~formless
miscarries~avorte
purees~purées
harmonises~harmonise
reelection's~de sa réélection
Mylar's~Mylar de
matrimonial~matrimonial
properest~plus convenable
Rubicon's~Rubicon de
guestbook's~guestbook's
sang~a chanté
spirits~spiritueux
bulges~renflements
pronouncement's~déclaration de
nullified~réduit à néant
alarmist's~alarmistes de
scabbing~scabbing
dustsheets~dustsheets
steroids~stéroïdes
mockery~moquerie
bassoon~basson
curatives~curatives
crucifix~crucifix
sprawl's~l'étalement de
crude~crude
marooning~marronnage
MIA~MIA
bonhomie's~bonhommie de
underplayed~minimisées
illustriousness~illustriousness
aggro~agressivité
pharmaceutic's~pharmaceutic de
fortify~fortify
Debra's~Debra de
plankton's~plancton de
Christchurch's~Christchurch de
nonesuch~incomparable
maidenhead~virginité
polar~polaire
neurasthenic's~de neurasthéniques
sequesters~séquestres
slag's~de laitier de
tribeswomen~tribeswomen
buyout~rachat
ninth's~neuvième
navigation~la navigation
ESP's~ESP
spumed~moussé
reexplaining~reexplaining
recommitted~réengagés
stamper~Stamper
backslapper's~Années backslapper
armband's~Années brassards
surfers~surfeurs
Ramona~Ramona
classy~chic
bustiest~bustiest
dress's~dress's
Eocene's~Eocène de
crepes~crepes
abrasion~abrasion
aptitude's~aptitude de
Ratliff~Ratliff
Julia~Julia
tattering~tattering
shotgun's~années fusil de chasse
Gallicism~gallicisme
jounces~jounces
recommended~conseillé
oxidiser's~de oxydeur
lounges~salons
gardening's~gardening's
kinematic~cinématique
servings~portions
capture~Capturer
Dietrich~Dietrich
Jillian's~Jillian
limestone's~de calcaire
Muppet~Muppet
supplying~approvisionnement
wigglers~wigglers
superfluousness's~superfluité de
Liebfraumilch's~Liebfraumilch de
SIDS's~Années PEID
demodulation's~demodulation's
submersed~submersed
vocations~vocations
lunchrooms~lunchrooms
footwear's~footwear's
saki~Saki
inappropriately~de façon inappropriée
lawmen~hommes de loi
fakers~fakers
eclairs~eclairs
plenary's~plénière de
constructionist~constructiviste
budget~budget
trace's~traces
Curtis~Curtis
readiness's~préparation de
commonalty~peuple
Aguirre~Aguirre
dirt~dirt
counterpart's~counterpart's
inquisition's~inquisition de
breakable's~de cassables
aesthetics~esthétique
swimmers~nageurs
wurst's~Wurst de
versifier~versificateur
circadian~circadien
hoeing~binage
theorist~théoricien
manhole~regard
Tide~Marée
neigh~hennir
inbreed~consanguinité
melding~melding
goldener~goldener
Dot~Point
grouchily~grouchily
relentlessly~sans relâche
predicate~prédicat
gnarls~gnarls
overrating~surdimensionnement
clamminess~humidité
Marcel~Marcel
lugholes~lugholes
glimmerings~glimmerings
NORAD~NORAD
epaulette's~epaulette's
burrowed~terré
shamefulness~hontes
Zukor's~Zukor de
haj~haj
wassail's~wassail de
harangue~harangue
inbound~entrant
Swahili~swahili
Connecticut~Connecticut
aches~douleurs
musculature's~de masse musculaire
Spitz's~Spitz de
paganism~paganisme
indictment's~acte d'accusation de
imbecilic~imbécile
Frenches~Frenches
Le~Le
Union's~Union de
coalition's~de coalition
bullet~balle
moorhen~moorhen
divine~divine
caliphates~califats
sectional~en coupe
normal's~est normal
conglomerated~agglomérées
supernatural~surnaturel
guarantee's~guarantee's
contaminants~contaminants
synonymous~synonyme
anisette~anisette
blushed~rougi
copse's~copse's
waiver~renonciation
lingerer~traîneur
rationalise~rationaliser
oohing~oohing
factitious~factitious
Darwinism's~Le darwinisme de
inkwell~encrier
Herzl's~Herzl
incompletely~incomplètement
kraut's~kraut de
shopfront~vitrine
pauper's~pauper de
dockyard's~dockyard's
Roku~Roku
aftershock~aftershock
Gordimer~Gordimer
cast's~casting de
thingamabobs~thingamabobs
corral~corral
Offenbach's~Offenbach
eosinophil~eosinophil
Antoine's~Antoine de
Perls~Perls
Timurid~Timurid
narrow~étroit
cheekiness's~de cheekiness
frowned~frowned
allay~modérer
recasts~refontes
brooch~broche
sceptically~sceptiquement
scrabbling~scrabbling
piranha's~Années piranha
tyrannical~tyrannique
invested~investi
prance's~Années Prance
micrometer~micromètre
husks~téguments
benediction~bénédiction
seafaring~vie de marin
monodies~monodies
Porter~Porter
Mizar's~Mizar de
emitter's~emitter's
politically~politiquement
Alcatraz's~Alcatraz de
Leghorn~Leghorn
desolate~desolate
Hilario's~Hilario de
Casals's~Années Casals
clarification's~clarification de
clash~choc
sting's~de piqûre
winsomeness~winsomeness
preppiest~preppiest
utopia~utopie
pecked~picoté
humorousness~humorousness
bugler~bugler
troublemakers~fauteurs de troubles
taring~tarer
surprisings~surprisings
mawkishly~mawkishly
serialise~serialise
roundup~tour d'horizon
minstrel's~ménestrel de
presumptions~présomptions
imbiber~imbiber
cutesiest~cutesiest
yuccas~yuccas
several's~plusieurs de
wrestling's~de la lutte
Iscariot's~Iscariote de
skier's~sKieuR
largeness's~largeness de
drugstore's~drugstore's
trashing~saccage
Archimedes's~Années Archimedes
WHO~QUI
halfpence~halfpence
poliomyelitis's~de la poliomyélite
Indiana~Indiana
deify~deify
sadhu~sadhu
elatedly~elatedly
Brenda~Brenda
neuritic's~séniles de
coco~noix de coco
dolour's~dolour's
AD~UN D
bump's~bosse de
subbranches~sous-branches
resource~Ressource
cabriolets~cabriolets
Beefaroni~Beefaroni
archdeacon's~Années archidiacre
sextons~sacristains
nepotist's~de nepotist
unreleased~unreleased
prig~pharisien
citrus~agrumes
bonehead~crétin
prehistorian~préhistorien
unveil~dévoiler
BTW~BTW
flyover's~flyover's
outbuilding's~dépendance de
Chickasaw's~Chickasaw de
logout~Connectez - Out
disinformation~disinformation
prepubescents~prépubères
inventions~inventions
syllogisms~syllogismes
strap's~les bretelles
boathouse's~hangar à bateaux de
Turpin's~Turpin de
sheaf's~de faisceau
Bahamian~Bahaméen
cusses~cusses
barometer~baromètre
Peckinpah's~Peckinpah de
nosecone's~nosecone de
crookedly~crookedly
coruscates~coruscates
abattoir~abattoir
sandbars~battures
Thorpe~Thorpe
Chiclets~Chiclets
Cortes~Cortes
fripperies~fripperies
Taoism~taoïsme
maladjustment~inadaptation
palate~palais
nightly~chaque nuit
snobbishly~snob
jowls~bajoues
gout's~gout's
cordless~cordless
pieceworker's~tâcheron de
giggle's~giggle's
accosting~accostant
Beerbohm~Beerbohm
cranes~cranes
bloom~Floraison
suppliers~Fournisseurs
tackle~tacle
subspecies~sous-espèces
audacity's~audace de
dozen's~dozen's
amusement's~amusement de
slippage's~le glissement de
Cliburn's~Cliburn de
doublet~doublet
noncompliance's~de non-conformité
cavalrymen~cavaliers
tumescent~tumescent
convexly~convexly
introvert's~Années introverties
viand's~aliments
scullers~scullers
lashed~Lashed
coiner~coiner
iterators~itérateurs
chorea~chorée
sturdiness's~robustesse de
factories~factories
slithered~glissaient
gamma's~gamma's
cockpit's~cockpit de
kneecapped~kneecapped
benignity's~bénignité de
instrumentality~instrumentation
coinages~MONNAIES
Polanski's~Polanski
Rocco~Rocco
usu~usu
ablate~pratiquer l'ablation
cragginess's~cragginess's
shrubby~arbustif
military~militaire
safeguarding~sauvegarde
irrigates~irrigue
countermoves~countermoves
foraying~foraying
foreshortens~foreshortens
Machiavellian's~de machiavéliques
predesignate~predesignate
Rodrigo's~Rodrigo de
upends~upends
metastasise~métastaser
vibrates~vibre
Bellini~Bellini
Grenadians~Grenadiens
pharmaceutical~pharmaceutique
lexicographic~lexicographique
abjection's~de l'abjection
tamale~Tamale
viva's~VIVA
uninstructed~ignorante
parting~séparation
thumbs~pouces
text's~des textes
planting's~de plantation
Weston~Weston
Kubrick~Kubrick
bench's~banc
repletion's~de réplétion
florists~florists
spearfishes~spearfishes
crannied~crannied
enraging~enraging
canny~prudent
videoconferencing~vidéo conférence
exudation~exudation
naturally~naturellement
broomstick~manche à balai
postdoc's~de postdoc
soloists~solistes
Grunewald~Grunewald
directly~directly
cheerfulness's~gaité de
indolence~indolence
rebroadcast's~Années retransmettent
centrifugally~centrifugés
nose~nez
undecidable~indécidable
argosy's~Argosy de
Chippewa~Chippewa
presentable~présentable
valiantly~vaillamment
explosives~explosives
vein's~veines
gentles~gentles
guide~guide
retrovirus's~rétrovirales de
campaign~campagne
antibacterials~antibactériens
maltreatment~mauvais traitement
sustenance~subsistance
overcast's~ciel couvert
jun~juin
bestows~dÉCERNE
fastball~fastball
inhere~ici
tomography's~tomographie assistée par de
wistful~mélancolique
foxfire's~foxfire's
lovebird's~amoureux
crunched~crunched
population~population
instructs~Ordonne
acquits~acquêts
miniature's~de miniatures
Sumerians~Sumériens
Aussie~Aussie
Sabre~Sabre
proscribes~proscrit
upbringing's~l'éducation de
resistant~résistant
umpiring~umpiring
colleens~colleens
daylights~daylights
Clapton~clapton
elucidation's~elucidation's
gibbons~gibbons
spillage's~déversement de
sweetness~douceur
Orval~Orval
Loraine~Loraine
sickliest~plus malsaines
resin~résine
alb~alb
panes~vitres
gardenias~gardenias
compiler~compilateur
isomeric~isomérique
erectile~erectile
Queensland's~Queensland de
instated~instated
concurrence~concours
habitually~habitually
flaunting~flaunting
Asia~Asie
bingo's~de bingo de
unselfishness's~de la générosité
everybody~everybody
bunchy~bunchy
prom~bal de promo
undiscriminating~undiscriminating
incautiously~inconsidérément
Laurent's~Laurent
intruding~intrus
zoo's~zoo de
wanderlust's~Wanderlust de
wight's~de wight
Tell's~Tell
Carlo's~Carlo de
defiance's~defiance's
munitioned~munitioned
confederation's~Confédération de
greaser~greaser
maturest~plus mûr
statuesque~sculptural
haplessness's~haplessness's
Brigadoon~Brigadoon
guilelessly~guilelessly
valet~valet
knurls~moletages
obligations~obligations
soothsayer~devin
bark's~aboiements
personified~personnifié
bisque's~bisque de
calved~vêlé
brontosaur's~brontosaure de
moderate~modérer
Barbados's~La Barbade de
mediate~médiat
bend's~courbure de
council's~council's
earners~earners
cruellest~cruellest
mixtures~mélanges
guidebook~guidebook
conciliators~conciliateurs
Dover~Douvres
dysfunctional~dysfunctional
familiarises~familiarises
Lapps~Lapons
Bergson's~Bergson
rehab's~réhabilitation de
nuptial's~noce
chugged~ingurgité
uncovered~découvert
hyperactivity's~de l'hyperactivité
prestigious~prestigieux
pride~fierté
nuzzle's~Années Nuzzle
barbarous~barbare
IV's~IV de
joyfulness~joyfulness
koala~koala
recipient's~bénéficiaire de
conferees~participants à la conférence
nectar's~nectar de
christenings~baptêmes
waggery's~espièglerie de
cohabitation~cohabitation
ethnic~ethnic
booklet's~livret de
mutineer's~Années mutins
pranced~caracolait
completer~completer
Arapaho~Arapaho
TeX~Texas
Bart~Bart
squadron's~escadron de
Okefenokee~Okefenokee
wkly~wkly
biasing~polarisation
Selim~Selim
Lewinsky~Lewinsky
hankies~hankies
solaria~Solaria
unhistorical~anhistorique
overstate~exagérer
viscountcies~vicomtés
shrimps~crevettes
denomination's~denomination's
section's~sections
bible's~la bible
pepping~Pepping
pica~cicéro
coiling~lovage
horselaugh's~tonitruant de
monasticism~monachisme
Ortiz's~Ortiz de
occupier's~occupant de
chickadees~mésanges
homogeneity~homogénéité
automatism's~de l'automatisme
PM~PM
voids~vides
splutters~crépite
performances~les performances
geezer's~geezer's
basements~les sous-sols
dunks~dunks
dingle~dingle
danger's~danger's
talons~serres
unsay~Unsay
dirtball~dirtball
recoiled~recula
pigeon~Pigeon
incidence~incidence
scholar's~savants
switchblade's~Switchblade de
Susquehanna~Susquehanna
slept~dormi
brazenness~impudence
parlance's~le langage de
snarl~gronder
thimbles~cosses
beholder~beholder
opportunely~opportunément
Magus~Mage
flick~flick
cusps~cusps
baneful~funeste
sweetish~douceâtre
greenness's~greenness's
isthmus~isthme
collegiality~collégialité
conventional~conventional
headcases~Headcases
flawed~flawed
Christina~Christina
restatement's~retraitement de
calcifies~calcifie
floral~floral
discolourations~discolourations
megadeath's~MEGADEATH de
Ireland's~l'Irlande
raps~raps
manikin's~homoncule de
Thatcher~Thatcher
motorcyclist's~motocycliste de
pennants~fanions
Amundsen~Amundsen
chicness's~chicness de
centralisation's~la centralisation de
Qingdao's~Qingdao de
bazaar~bazar
outdone~surpassés
scales~Balance
solder's~de soudure de
chillings~chillings
hellcat's~de Hellcat
primary's~primaire de
misidentify~une fausse identification
Seebeck~Seebeck
thoughtfulness's~prévenance de
graduate~graduate
unequally~inégale
parfaits~parfaits
tortuously~tortueuse
Senghor's~Senghor
submerse~immergez
castors~roulettes
nationalisations~nationalisations
Bunsen~Bunsen
seasonally~saison
grotto~grotto
ravels~Ravels
sleekness's~de sleekness
amplitude~amplitude
pillared~hypostyle
curtains~curtains
dashed~dashed
nectar~nectar
resupplied~réapprovisionnée
galvanise~galvanise
Bowman's~Bowman
Anaheim~Anaheim
cackling~caquetage
Ernest's~d'Ernest
senselessly~absurdement
oeuvres~d'œuvres
amplitude's~amplitude de
predestined~prédestiné
irrigable~irrigables
bridegroom's~époux de
withdraws~se retire
eats~eats
randy~excité
emirs~emirs
ambuscades~embuscades
unloads~déchargements
Luna's~de Luna
compensated~compensé
emoticon~emoticon
pizzicato's~Années pizzicato
bandboxes~bandboxes
season's~saisons
solver~solveur
smother~étouffer
cornmeal's~cornmeal's
commenting~commenter
chimerical~chimérique
bloggers~blogueurs
interrelates~interrelie
auricle's~auricule de
pompousness~pompousness
snowmobiling~motoneige
stigma's~la stigmatisation de
survivalist~survivalist
reprehend~blâmer
ambit~portée
Berkeley~Berkeley
signor's~signor de
cupcake's~cupcake's
satirised~Caricaturés
bang's~frange
flashbulbs~flashbulbs
finis's~finis's
pacifist's~pacifisme de
refurbishments~remises à neuf
dictate's~dictate's
sarcasm's~sarcasme de
Heifetz's~Heifetz de
nudism~nudisme
quadruple~quadruple
palfrey~palefroi
Labradors~labradors
bleach~eau de Javel
Union~syndicat
produces~produit
lizard~lézard
disclosed~disclosed
metrication~métrication
electrocution's~electrocution's
punters~pontes
metronome~métronome
serviced~desservis
unconcerned~indifférent
reconquest's~reconquête de
strategy~stratégie
burdened~accablés
stream's~ruisseaux
Aldan's~Aldan de
wiliest~voudras
meningeal~méningée
asphalts~asphaltes
dreary~dreary
Bosporus~bosporus
Romulus~Romulus
Bantu~Bantu
ING's~ING de
figurehead~figurehead
Irishwomen~Irlandaises
sprinters~sprinters
condensate's~condensat de
orgies~partouzes
Andrea's~Andrea de
mortification's~de mortification
attiring~attiring
bison's~bison de
Woolite's~Woolite de
pumpernickel~pumpernickel
immunisation's~de vaccination
Barthes~barthes
craftswoman's~craftswoman's
provocations~provocations
dalliance's~dalliance's
agribusiness's~l'agro-industrie de
tragediennes~tragédiennes
Limpopo~Limpopo
craftsmen~craftsmen
steering's~direction de
suntraps~suntraps
calamari's~calamars de
feaster~feaster
encrustation's~encrustation's
clinchers~clinchers
effluvia~effluvia
ferreted~ferreted
vat's~cuve de
whistle~sifflet
unscrupulous~sans scrupules
blacksmiths~forgerons
dissuasive~dissuasive
hiccup's~hoquet de
melange's~chiné de
blurting~débitant
orangery's~orangerie de
stockholder's~actionnaire de
echoes~echoes
sportscasters~commentateurs sportifs
mogul's~Mogul de
subordination's~la subordination des
invisibility's~invisibilité
diffusion's~diffusion's
denizen~denizen
humaniser's~humaniser ce
flatbeds~flatbeds
bullfighter~torero
Anglophobe~anglophobe
lavishness~prodigalité
psychodrama's~psychodrame de
slap~gifler
commutations~commutations
smile~sourire
outspokenly~outspokenly
drapes~drapes
simulation~simulation
billows~vagues
disgracefulness~disgracefulness
leatherette's~skaï de
somatic~somatique
overbites~supraclusies
Alphecca~Alphecca
Illuminati~Illuminati
Iquitos~Iquitos
druid's~druid's
Confederate~Confédéré
burgomaster's~bourgmestre de
watershed~grand tournant
spinney~bosquet
fecundated~fecundated
fusing~fusing
Gil~Gil
brawn's~Brawn de
sparkier~sparkier
palisade's~palissade de
memsahib~memsahib
pourings~effusions
elasticised~elasticised
selectman's~de selectman
bereaves~fait ses ravages
deckle~deckle
metamorphosing~métamorphosant
tilde's~tilde de
magnolia's~de magnolias
page's~Page de
nucleus's~années noyau
detour's~detour's
thrombi~thrombus
neuralgia's~névralgie de
acuter~plus aigu
collar~collier
hubcap's~de hubcap
special~spécial
tolerating~tolérant
engines~engines
meatiness's~Années meatiness
chameleon~caméléon
assertion~affirmation
precedence's~priorité de
Ricky~Ricky
waling~waling
edgiest~edgiest
KB~KB
anglicised~anglicisée
whorled~verticillées
mistime~mal calculer
extremity's~extremity's
amended~modifié
monomers~monomères
pottage~potage
Fresnel's~Années Fresnel
biggish~assez grand
Diefenbaker~Diefenbaker
lion's~les Lions
tranquillity's~la tranquillité de
aptness~aptitude
ligatured~ligaturé
Gambians~Gambiens
turret's~tourelle de
telexed~par télex
abetter~un meilleur
touchily~touchily
Faustino's~Faustino de
spearheads~fers de lance
boysenberries~Boysen
priestlier~priestlier
thorn~épine
make's~fait du
sacerdotal~sacerdotal
infected~infecté
carpet's~les tapis
waistbands~waistbands
Olin's~Olin
jackdaws~choucas
reauthorise~reauthorise
rowdiest~rowdiest
tularaemia~tularémie
tens~dizaines
Carmela's~Carmela de
haggard~haggard
lawfully~légalement
Riesling's~Riesling de
reinforces~renforce
fashion's~fashion's
morsel's~morceau de
rapidly~rapidement
Sennacherib's~Sennachérib de
Yeager's~Yeager de
invaded~envahi
unlikeliness's~invraisemblance de
sinking~naufrage
thirteenth's~treizième de
Romanians~Roumains
bumpiest~bumpiest
drools~drools
harassment's~harassment's
resistless~sans résistance
hydrangeas~hortensias
effeteness's~effeteness's
Hersey~Hersey
haggled~haggled
refreeze~recongeler
refrigerant~réfrigérant
juniper~genévrier
transcendentalist~transcendantaliste
compassed~compassé
upload~télécharger
epics~epics
elf~elf
reproaching~reproche à
flies~flies
executions~executions
comradeship~camaraderie
arpeggio~arpège
motion~mouvement
lovechild~lovechild
contact~contact
tipsiest~tipsiest
unsavoury~répugnant
Superglue's~superglue de
activist~activiste
halibut~halibut
redcap~une casquette rouge
butches~gouines
nudged~poussa du coude
formalist~formalist
Am~Un m
coheres~est cohérent
fleet~fleet
Boston~Boston
pancakes~Crêpes
Columbine~Ancolie
testamentary~testamentaire
daybed~daybed
penknife~canif
splattering~éclaboussant
overreaction~réaction exagérée
unionises~unionises
conversationally~conversationally
dessert~dessert
hoarse~rauque
infringement~infraction
morphemic~morphématique
germinated~germinated
papergirl~fille de papier
dislocations~dislocations
groundcloths~groundcloths
racecourses~hippodromes
glamorisation's~glamorisation's
reluctantly~à contrecœur
nonessential~non essentiel
reassembled~réassemblé
foments~foments
Limpopo's~Limpopo de
mislays~égare
stumble~trébucher
variance~variance
brazer's~braseur de
restyle~restyle
Slovenes~Slovènes
inexperienced~inexpérimenté
intelligence~intelligence
pothered~pothered
boobed~boobed
vasectomies~vasectomie
clearly~clairement
copywriter~copywriter
erotica's~erotica's
masquerades~mascarades
infest~infester
Fran's~Fran
secondhand~d'occasion
rankling~rankling
dragsters~dragsters
detoxification's~detoxification's
doer~doer
axial~axial
anarchically~anarchiquement
carpetbagged~carpetbagged
recons~recons
Mylars~mylar
saturation's~saturation de
wadi's~wadi de
angel~ange
undershorts~Caleçons
violas~altos
semifinalist~demi-finaliste
advisories~Avis
utilitarians~utilitaristes
episcopate's~episcopate's
purgatorial~purgatif
object's~objets
voluntarily~volontairement
prizewinners~lauréates
var~var
toga's~Années Toga
relaxations~relaxations
Kristy~Kristy
mannequin's~mannequin de
demarcates~demarcates
macron's~Macron de
fleshlier~fleshlier
painstaking~soigneux
hearty~copieux
hypertext's~hypertexte de
contaminators~contaminators
hotheaded~impétueux
bifurcating~bifurquant
ram~RAM
heartwood~cœur du bois
rehi~rehi
frustrates~frustrates
stupors~stupeurs
birdhouse~nichoir
secondly~Deuxièmement
sleazes~sleazes
Jeanie~Jeanie
flashlight's~flashlight's
Weiss~Weiss
maharishi~Maharishi
mauler's~Mauler de
airily~avec désinvolture
underproduction's~de underproduction
pacifist~pacifiste
truncheons~matraque
Denny's~Denny
radioisotope~radioisotopes
evangelic~evangelic
Appaloosa's~Appaloosa de
stripped~dépouillé
wight~wight
deregulation~deregulation
tearjerkers~tearjerkers
dunghills~dunghills
limpidness's~limpidité de
Suez's~Suez de
dissertations~dissertations
adjudicatory~contentieuse
psychical~psychique
amoxicillin~amoxicilline
newsgroups~newsgroups
deified~deified
minaret~minaret
stargazers~Stargazers
Edmonton~Edmonton
unplug~débrancher
nihilism~nihilisme
firesides~firesides
dashiki~dashiki
surcharge~surtaxe
Herbart~Herbart
aimlessness's~désoeuvrement de
stepmothers~marâtre
cornily~cornily
waltzed~valsé
constables~constables
Athenian~Athénien
Kendrick's~Kendrick de
sarge~sarge
Kimberley~Kimberley
macadamia~macadamia
thievery's~de vol
Hausdorff's~Hausdorff de
territory's~territoire de
conk's~conk de
increased~augmenté
hydrofoil's~hydroglisseur de
crap's~crap's
Sondra's~Sondra de
encoding~encoding
hairstyle~hairstyle
squabbled~chamaillaient
whorehouse's~de lupanar
crown~crown
sonnet's~sonnet
mudroom's~de mudroom
fishmonger~fishmonger
footsie~footsie
creameries~creameries
racecourse's~champ de courses de
Kara~Kara
spheres~sphères
evacuate~evacuate
Utopias~utopies
corset's~corset's
cartoonist~dessinateur
derision's~derision's
obedient~obéissant
deadens~deadens
congest~encombrer
Strasbourg~Strasbourg
snapped~happé
chinaware~objets de porcelaine
lanyard's~cordon de sécurité
bilked~escroqué
flashing~flashing
gasometer~gasometer
Kodachrome's~Kodachrome de
Bizet~Bizet
Durer's~Dürer
herds~troupeaux
centenarian's~Années centenaires
botanical~botanique
Clarice's~Clarice de
bandwagon~train en marche
Grus's~Grus de
hazardous~dangereux
sopped~sopped
traipse~se balader
hijacks~détournements
flotillas~flotillas
Haber~Haber
canalised~canalisées
nuts~des noisettes
taxied~roulé au sol
idealisations~idéalisations
archfiend~Archdémon
camshafts~arbres à cames
downstairs's~downstairs's
biophysical~biophysique
individual's~personnes
hairdo~hairdo
Tammany~Tammany
translators~traducteurs
anally~analement
indispensables~Indispensables
scrag's~Années SCRAG
endive~endive
tizzies~tizzies
pulchritude~beauté
tablespoons~à soupe
Munro's~Munro
extraordinary~extraordinary
buy~acheter
jardiniere~jardinière
abuses~les abus
gurgle's~gurgle's
upend~bousculent
bender's~cintreuse de
sweetheart~amoureux
AZ~AZ
shamans~chamans
landline~téléphone fixe
leniency's~de clémence
vised~VISED
unenthusiastic~unenthusiastic
nonspeaking~nonspeaking
mandarin~mandarin
downgrading~downgrading
Busch~Busch
tau~tau
last's~dure
Diophantine's~Diophantine de
gibbon's~gibbon's
petered~taris
homogeneity's~homogénéité de
godfather~godfather
optimiser~optimiseur
impel~pousser
crofter~crofter
prodigious~prodigieux
unfriendly~hostile
angling~pêche à la ligne
Aspell~Un sort
KGB~KGB
aggravating~aggravant
schnoz~schnoz
roguery~friponnerie
Diaspora's~diaspora de
glitch's~glitch's
solder~souder
druid~druid
tidings's~tidings de
shaft's~arbre de
billow's~de Bulow
skydiver's~parachutiste
weightiest~plus pesant
wryness's~de amok
decor's~decor's
attired~vêtu
declarer~declarer
carbides~carbures
participates~participe
accumulates~accumule
interventionist's~interventionniste de
knocks~coups
unzips~décompresse
rottenly~moche
applauding~applaudissant
understaffed~en sous
downside~downside
housekeeping~Ménagère
towelled~towelled
foulard~foulard
tappet's~poussoir de
cretins~cretins
redacts~redacts
logistically~logistiquement
waggishness's~waggishness de
badlands~Badlands
fastidious~fastidious
route~route
relent~s'adoucir
shingle's~zona
roadhouse~Roadhouse
military's~militaire de
egotism's~egotism's
protraction's~de la protraction
heads~têtes
nose's~le nez
Fitzroy~Fitzroy
cerebral~cérébral
drool~drool
Elroy's~Elroy de
ringed~encerclé
away~un moyen
hightailed~hightailed
redepositing~redéposition
clomp~clomp
domination's~domination's
farmyards~farmyards
crystals~crystals
easygoing~easygoing
Whitney~Whitney
reliquaries~reliquaires
correctives~correctives
Fleischer's~Fleischer de
rechristened~débaptisé
stiffs~macchabées
distributor~distributor
calorie's~calories de
curtailment~curtailment
accursed~maudit
tempter~tentateur
certifiably~certifiably
digger~digger
banking's~de la banque
infantrymen~fantassin
tackiest~tackiest
hexing~hexing
linens's~linge de
extreme's~extreme's
arches~arches
addressable~adressable
In's~dans ce
overreaches~va trop loin
compost's~compost de
combed~peigné
rapiers~rapières
philtre's~philtre de
colonialist~colonialiste
fluidity~fluidity
speculative~spéculatif
unemphatic~sans emphase
Ponce~Maquereau
springtime~printemps
infecting~l'infection
Denis's~Denis de
atypically~atypiquement
digestible~digestible
parsimony's~de parcimonie
Nagpur's~Nagpur de
Am's~Am de
shoat~shoat
replenish~remplir
meteorically~météoriques
Los~Los
spotlight's~Pleins feux
entombment~entombment
snivels~pleurniche
mistreat~maltraiter
marvellously~merveilleusement
catalysis's~catalyse de
match~rencontre
consciousness's~conscience de
gladiola's~gladiola's
Gobi~Gobi
artwork's~œuvres d'art de
comprehending~comprendre
ELF's~ELF de
Avon's~Avon de
Vilyui~Vilyui
porkiest~porkiest
aliments~alimens
rockfalls~rockfalls
Victorian~victorien
conquistadors~conquistadors
marina~Marina
seismologists~sismologues
scapegrace's~de garnement
Youngstown~Youngstown
syringes~seringues
Hamill~Hamill
adjectives~adjectifs
blackjacked~blackjacked
flirts~flirts
engulfing~engulfing
Uriel's~Uriel de
fossilisation's~fossilisation's
desalting~desalting
manic~maniaque
studentship~studentship
cortege's~cortege's
camp's~camp de
crux~crux
Pat's~Pat
charitable~charitable
plain's~plaine de
Ferrell's~Ferrell
lugsail's~de voile à corne
zymurgy~zymurgy
Tom~À M
concertmaster~concertmaster
devitalising~devitalising
motherliness's~de motherliness
module's~modules
downhills~downhills
nauseous~nauséeux
hoovering~hoovering
nonbeliever~non croyant
serum~sérum
frightens~frightens
flagellation~flagellation
palpate~palper
tenancy~location
Firestone~Firestone
patroon~patroon
harmonies~harmonies
safeness~sécurité
ileitis~iléite
longhair~cheveux longs
flasher~flasher
Maori's~Maori
Tu's~Tu de
sinkholes~gouffres
explainable~explainable
concertina's~concertina de
tallyhoing~tallyhoing
castrated~castré
stockrooms~entrepôts
blog's~Le blog
magpie's~Magpie de
searchlight's~Searchlight de
scantier~scantier
Chevron's~Chevron
tangles~enchevêtrements
windless~sans vent
visualisation's~visualisation de
rhyming~riment
Andorra~Andorre
attains~atteint:
mermaids~sirènes
disabuse~disabuse
mathematics~mathématiques
Esterhazy's~Esterhazy
frivolousness~frivolousness
sodded~engazonnées
croons~croons
davit~davit
Newport~Newport
disenfranchisement's~disenfranchisement's
Mengzi~Mengzi
violently~violemment
Shelley~Shelley
mariachi's~mariachi de
hollering~brailler
crowded~crowded
distorts~distorts
saddlebag's~de saddlebag
wickedness's~la méchanceté de
overgenerous~trop généreux
reminiscing~remémorant
gardens~gardens
primmer~Primmer
belays~assurage
architectonics's~Années architectonique
weighted~pondéré
relaying~transmission
Venn's~Venn de
haunt~hanter
poesy's~poesie de
constants~constantes
castigation~fustigation
sheep's~des moutons
Sadie's~Sadie
grotto's~grotto's
houseman~Houseman
guppy~guppy
Galloway~Galloway
psalmists~psalmistes
Muscat~Muscat
Eucharist's~Eucharistie de
reinitialised~réinitialisés
dog~dog
scofflaw's~de scofflaw
Palaeolithic~Paléolithique
Cowell~Cowell
tread's~bande de roulement de
Margrethe's~Margrethe de
Tolkien~Tolkien
Cardenas~Cardenas
shawl's~châle de
reinitialise~de réinitialiser
prissiness~pruderie
Barclays's~Barclays de
Holocaust's~Holocauste de
menstruated~menstrues
footsie's~footsie's
winemakers~vinificateurs
knickerbockers~knickerbockers
speeder's~de speeder
Seleucus's~Séleucus de
compressor's~compresseur de
kipper's~kipper de
gamecock~gamecock
impulsion's~de l'impulsion
reapplication~réapplication
broadcasting's~de diffusion
folksiness's~folksiness's
baleen~baleine
Hill's~colline de
messily~messily
amplification's~amplification de
lame's~boiteux de
greatcoat's~greatcoat's
explicates~explicates
muesli~muesli
abusing~abus
donging~donging
cementum~cément
overstaying~overstaying
hurdled~hurdled
edifice~edifice
Maldive's~Maldives
tabling~dépôt
praise's~l'éloge de
decolletages~decolletages
theology's~la théologie de
confrere~confrère
stationary~Stationnaire
mastodon~mastodonte
drape's~drape's
rope's~de corde
sweated~sué
keystone~clé de voûte
blaster~blaster
Rte~Rte
heron~héron
sendoff~envoyer
purgers~purgeurs
Trujillo~Trujillo
carbonised~carbonisée
vibrancy~vibrance
Hofstadter~Hofstadter
broadened~élargi
coleslaw~Salade De Chou
bills~factures
savvying~savvying
Sourceforge~Sourceforge
pends~Pends
overnice~overnice
drugging~drugging
gagging~gagging
EEG's~EEG
Gamow~Gamow
undergarments~sous-vêtements
miscount~mécompte
ode~ode
lecherously~lecherously
achieves~obtient la
anteater~fourmilier
keelhauling~supplice de la cale
Roderick~Roderick
regionalisms~régionalismes
oilmen~oilmen
revved~emballent
civilisation~civilisation
exporter~exporter
commemoration's~commémoration de
systematical~systématique
Toshiba~Toshiba
Lissajous~lissajous
brandy's~eau de vie de
putrescence's~putrescence de
buzz~bourdonner
bowdlerisation~bowdlerisation
peppery~poivré
blessing~bénédiction
Chiclets's~Années Chiclets
castoff~défroque
haemorrhage~haemorrhage
coordinated~coordinated
resets~remet à zéro
alderman's~échevin de
plop's~plop de
awning's~auvent de
bluebirds~bluebirds
UNIX~UNIX
urethral~urétral
velars~Velars
litterateurs~littérateurs
sullenest~sullenest
hoisting~levage
odalisque~odalisque
abidingly~abidingly
material's~matériaux
grew~grew
arks~arques
bandstand~kiosque à musique
Pygmy's~pygmée de
legislature's~le pouvoir législatif de
Verde's~Vert de
much's~beaucoup de
perturbations~perturbations
robotics~robotique
Southampton's~Southampton de
admirer~admirateur
afterglow~derniers reflets
cremations~cremations
brevets~Patents
alliance's~alliance de
fluorescence's~fluorescence's
digitising~digitising
blunderbusses~tromblons
disequilibrium's~disequilibrium's
hake~hake
wildcatted~wildcatted
appraiser~expert
communicability~communicabilité
fuzziness's~fuzziness's
growths~growths
kamikazes~kamikazes
transmitter's~émetteur de
underwent~a subi
Blockbuster's~blockbuster
catkin~chaton
interpreter's~interprète de
UPC~UPC
engineering~engineering
dieresis~dieresis
pastiness~pâleur
weakness's~faiblesse de
Eastman's~Eastman
analyse~analyser
depressing~depressing
perpetrate~perpétrer
underpayments~paiements insuffisants
letterers~letterers
Cheddar~Cheddar
bittersweets~douce-amère
defensive's~defensive's
gormandised~gormandised
eschatology~eschatology
ports~ports
arrow~flèche
fume's~fume's
RAF~RAF
reorganises~réorganise
borderlands~Borderlands
trounce~écraser
Timour~Timour
Aymara's~Années aymara
tanneries~tanneries
Springsteen~Springsteen
denies~denies
Richelieu~Richelieu
Valhalla's~Valhalla de
despicably~despicably
radishes~des radis
guarders~guarders
penman's~Penman de
memorial~Mémorial
Earnest~Sérieux
canal's~canaux
muzzled~muselés
sawhorses~chevalets
Romanesque's~roman de
nonresidents~les non-résidents
octal~octal
revengefully~revengefully
proffered~proféré
hobbyists~amateurs
violist~altiste
kimono's~kimono années
hitherto~jusqu'alors
untruer~untruer
squishing~squishing
marshmallow~guimauve
runtiest~runtiest
puniest~chétif
rubberising~caoutchoutage
secrecy's~le secret de
Riggs's~Riggs de
inflation~inflation
oligarchs~oligarques
scurrilously~scurrilously
pointlessness~futilité
haggardly~haggardly
perspicacity~perspicacité
consequence's~conséquences
alkalise~alcalinisés
chuckhole~chuckhole
wormhole~wormhole
bagpipes~cornemuses
repose's~talutage de
tusked~tusked
Baikal's~années Baïkal
obliquity's~obliquité de
proper~correct
repatriates~rapatries
vocative's~vocatif de
according~selon
chinned~chinned
skived~biseautées
clarets~clarets
pretends~feint
blowpipe~chalumeau
Ginsu~Ginsu
Persephone~Perséphone
Sherrie~Sherrie
murk~obscurité
obeisance's~de prosterna
damply~damply
retouches~retouches
insurrectionist's~insurrectionist de
sear~dessécher
hussar's~hussard de
hopefulness's~de bon espoir
playwrights~dramaturges
oculars~oculaires
phylactery~phylactère
bandage's~des pansements
cowardliness~cowardliness
Yoruba's~Yoruba de
arbitrager's~de arbitragiste
tractably~docilement
sapless~sapless
Volta's~Volta de
Aspen's~Aspen de
esprit~esprit
Duffy's~Duffy
wile~ruse
cartwheel's~de cartwheel
scorners~railleurs
Bisquick~Bisquick
renege~renoncer à
Lieut~Lieut
controlled~controlled
Bowell's~Bowell de
iciest~plus glacial
bricking~bricking
strains~souches
encircle~encircle
plodding~plodding
branching~branchement
squawker's~squawker de
Turkish~turc
Marylander~Marylander
commonalities~traits communs
Alfreda~Alfreda
hawthorns~aubépines
Sabrina~Sabrina
discomposes~discomposes
atolls~atolls
rakishly~coquettement
paratrooper's~parachutiste de
mummify~momifier
blissfulness~blissfulness
Windsor~Windsor
grievance~grievance
epicentre~epicentre
archbishopric's~archevêché de
Talley's~Talley de
rezoned~changer d'affectation
FBI~FBI
hasting~Hasting
otherness~altérité
Jannie's~Jannie de
WTO~OMC
celandine~chélidoine
Jolson's~Jolson de
obliqueness's~obliquité de
Abbasid~abbasside
cadging~cadging
teamster~routier
Esquire's~Esquire de
ASCIIs~ASCIIs
outmanoeuvring~Déjouer
embalmer~embalmer
Walden's~Walden
freehand~freehand
motivates~motive
imputes~impute
Socrates's~Socrates de
bead~perle
entrench~entrench
unchained~déchaîné
reacquainting~reacquainting
armoury~arsenal
Bharat~Bharat
quintuples~quintuples
Hindustan's~Hindustan de
nonchalance~nonchalance
banter's~de gouaille
Luz's~Luz de
valeting~valeting
ulster's~ulster de
platypus's~Années ornithorynque
infant's~nourrisson de
wingspread~Wingspread
microfilm~microfilm
cheerlessly~inconsolée
Mencius~Mencius
mandamus~mandamus
saboteurs~saboteurs
provoked~provoqué
godfather's~godfather's
impersonally~impersonnelle
fluffs~fluffs
Lynn~Lynn
group~group
spreading~diffusion
Magog~Magog
lick's~léchage de
Mathews's~Mathews de
corrosives~corrosives
natural~Naturel
veins~veines
Angle~Angle
Dons~Dons
Voldemort's~Voldemort
congenially~Agréablement
smoker~fumeur
fermented~fermented
squawker~squawker
beloved's~bien-aimé
stunt's~coup de
ingests~ingère
rabidly~rabidly
factoid~factoid
vertebrate~vertébré
webmaster's~webmaster de
unmitigated~absolu
crumbs~crumbs
traumatises~traumatise
chairs~chaises
valences~valences
feminist~feminist
publication~publication
conceding~concession
tuberose~tubéreuse
timbres~timbres
repaved~repaved
reconsecrated~reconsacrée
sorority's~de sororité
canapes~canapes
trysted~trysted
abandonment's~abandon de
boomed~grondé
Ganymede's~Ganymède
Archibald's~Archibald
addicting~addicting
puffer's~puffer de
Bettie's~Bettie de
stagnate~stagner
gaunter~gaunter
diplomatists~diplomatists
illicitness~illicéité
gazpacho~gazpacho
faggot's~faggot's
jewel's~joyau de
Chardonnay's~Chardonnay de
Kuibyshev's~Kuibyshev de
turnabout's~de volte-face
cindered~cindered
felicitating~felicitating
insured's~l'assuré
ceasefires~trêves
unanimity~unanimité
lobbying~pression
fetish's~fetish's
hew~tailler
Hodge~Hodge
utilities~services publics
reshape~remodeler
Curt's~Curt de
Springfield~Springfield
expelled~expelled
barn's~grange de
infotainment's~info-divertissement de
I've~J'ai
brawniness~brawniness
item's~articles
coccus's~coccus de
audition~audition
Menelaus~Ménélas
stepmother~belle-mère
hoarsest~hoarsest
ambivalent~ambivalent
lightens~éclaircit
fruiterers~fruiterers
inoffensiveness~inoffensiveness
chillness's~chillness de
conductance's~conductance de
cobblestone~pavé
timorously~craintivement
documentation~documentation
elide~elide
officiate~officier
Sosa's~Sosa de
enlarge~enlarge
nonproliferation~la non-prolifération
vaudeville~vaudeville
Gates's~portes de
sextant's~sextant
yeshiva~yeshiva
cogitating~cogitant
reef~récif
booty's~butin de
doubles~doubles
mouldiest~mouldiest
ballyhoo~battage
lotion's~lotion de
compatriot~compatriote
imposts~impostes
destroying~destroying
untrained~non formé
crazing~crazing
overexpose~surexposer
purges~purges
dispiriting~dispiriting
voracity~voracité
wholegrain~grains entiers
stray's~parasite de
bobbin~bobine
escallop~escallop
cardholders~les titulaires de carte
disabused~disabused
behest's~Les ordres de
tubful's~tubful de
debauching~debauching
Orion's~Orion
funnier~funnier
Tinkerbell's~Tinkerbell de
granted~granted
Mintaka's~Mintaka de
uneasiness~malaise
glenohumeral~glenohumeral
movingly~émouvants
inpatients~patients hospitalisés
delimiters~delimiters
guilty~guilty
curtest~curtest
Gonzales~Gonzales
lessors~locateurs
onrush's~de ruée
Maccabeus's~Années Maccabée
lustiest~plus vigoureux
Danial~Danial
goodwill~goodwill
biologic~biologique
mimeographing~polycopie
bistros~bistros
sole's~unique de
Gandhi's~Gandhi
durance~durance
caramelising~caramélisation
overbuilding~surconstruction
Abbott~Abbott
young's~Young
twerks~twerks
awaits~vous attend
steerable~dirigeable
dodgier~dodgier
fluoridated~fluoridated
housekeepers~femmes de ménage
bedlam~chahut
squandering~gaspillage
repairable~réparable
ransomed~rançonné
buffaloes~buffles
apricots~abricots
creosoted~creosoted
momentariness's~momentanéité de
Gompers~Gompers
salesmen~vendeurs
expired~expired
MBA's~MBA
birthday~anniversaire
kudos~gloire
Michelson's~Michelson de
peninsula's~péninsule de
combo's~combos
seconder's~de appuyeur
archipelago~archipel
arises~se pose
obtaining~obtention
noncontributory~non contributives
Timbuktu~Tombouctou
prettying~prettying
catercorner~catercorner
buckaroo's~Buckaroo de
flip's~flip's
ranched~ranch
Doe~Biche
depoliticised~depoliticised
unrealistic~irréaliste
staying~rester
slim~svelte
lifters~releveurs
breezeway's~breezeway de
yew's~ifs de
taper~cierge
whitening~blanchiment
Latham~Latham
balms~baumes
consumerist's~consumerist's
neighbourhoods~quartiers
admonished~admonesté
staffed~Staffed
shortstop's~arrêt-court de
soaped~savonné
Richie~Richie
Escher's~Escher
competed~concouru
fillers~fillers
Orestes~Oreste
counterweight's~counterweight's
fuller~fuller
flagpoles~flagpoles
drubbing's~drubbing's
chilliest~chilliest
snake~serpent
governing~governing
represent~représenter
freelancing~freelancing
Sanford's~Sanford de
Lao~Lao
intruded~recoupées
robot~robot
nudist~nudiste
Lourdes's~Lourdes de
ordination's~coordination de
Greek~grec
spectral~spectral
port~Port
Mel~Mel
lambency~réprimande
dependably~dependably
breeziness~désinvolture
loather~loather
limo~limousine
proscribe~proscrire
McLeod's~McLeod
unsteadiest~unsteadiest
waned~faibli
illegibility's~illisibilité de
chose~a choisi
Jillian~Jillian
ingenue~ingenue
Reich~Reich
amply~amplement
Yenisei~Ienisseï
folds~folds
panned~dragéifié
national's~national de
caseworkers~travailleurs sociaux
CAD~GOUJAT
carnival~carnaval
brochure~brochure
croak~croak
oat's~L'avoine
offences~infractions
Jolene~Jolene
interposing~interposition
antiknock's~antiknock de
circles~cercles
diorama~diorama
boob~nichon
biologically~biologiquement
unavailability~indisponibilité
assumptions~hypothèses
habitat's~habitat's
introspectively~introspective
scratchy~rêche
elusive~elusive
ordainment~ordination
expedient's~expedient's
collusion's~collusion de
jettisons~jet à la mer
battlement's~créneaux
sackful's~sac plein de
tester's~testeur de
taxiway~taxiway
inveighing~invectivant
turbulence's~turbulence de
attempt's~tentatives
shamble~marcher en traînant les pieds
snooper~fureteur
ell's~ell's
spaceflights~vols spatiaux
unsettling~troublant
transects~transects
equivalence's~equivalence's
churning~barattage
cleverer~intelligent
trochaic~trochaïque
rev~tour
chisel~ciseau
possessiveness~possessivité
emotionalising~emotionalising
mad~furieux
mailer~Mailer
uncouples~Découple
Lilly's~Lilly
although~bien que
washstand~toilette
victimised~victimisé
dissoluteness~dissoluteness
interfaces~interfaces
contretemps~contretemps
shadily~shadily
homeboy~homeboy
impalement's~de empalement
notarising~notarising
damps~damps
discombobulate~discombobulate
staging~mise en scène
firefight~firefight
gangrening~gangrening
Couperin's~Couperin
applying~l'application
forbid~forbid
ambassadorial~ambassadeur
solicitously~solicitously
slices~tranches
char's~Char
explicit~explicit
crinkles~crinkles
censoring~censurées
desks~desks
millionaires~millionnaires
forged~forged
tarry~goudronneux
dialectical~dialectical
worrisome~inquiétant
excursionist~excursionist
rainfalls~la pluie tombe
Bettye's~Bettye de
okayed~okayed
scientific~scientifique
complications~complications
unfreezes~dégèle
galleon's~galleon's
grapevine~grapevine
Odysseus's~Ulysse de
Mohammedan~mahométan
copied~copied
unsoundly~unsoundly
provides~fournit
seekers~demandeurs
intercedes~intercède
fatherhood's~fatherhood's
formulators~formulators
raver~raver
politicised~politisé
moo's~moo de
tidiest~tidiest
censorship's~de la censure
conciseness's~de concision
hovel~taudis
fowl's~fowl's
esteem's~esteem's
hit~frappé
mused~médité
voting~vote
romanticising~romancer
brighteners~azurants
cheerleader's~pom pom girls
L'Oreal~L'Oréal
toaster's~grille-pain de
reshaping~remodeler
thereupon~là-dessus
eiderdown's~eiderdown's
Houdini~Houdini
signalman's~de signaleur
widowing~Veuvage
suspensions~suspensions
embryonic~embryonic
chirpiness~chirpiness
holographs~holographs
decennial~decennial
afforest~reboiser
bacillus~bacille
coauthoring~La co-création
blabbering~blabbering
Southeast's~Sud-Est de
pumpernickel's~Années pumpernickel
declivities~declivities
blurry~floue
foxtrot's~foxtrot's
splendidest~splendidest
Julliard~julliard
richest~le plus riche
minesweeper~dragueur de mines
held~tenue
convectors~convectors
stagnation's~stagnation de
bap~bap
envelopes~envelopes
yogurt~yaourt
billable~facturables
cesarean~césarienne
vice's~vices
Key's~Clés
bicentennial's~bicentenaire de
noncancerous~non cancéreuse
dehumidifier~dehumidifier
bedpost's~de bedpost
sidetracked~laisser distraire
racquetballs~racquetballs
preemie's~prématuré de
chef~chef
nonaligned~non aligné
roseate~rose
sorority~club d'étudiantes
dissertation's~dissertation's
kinkier~kinkier
Bose~Bose
teetotal~antialcoolique
twelfth's~douzième de
indignity~indignité
rod~barre
webfoot's~de webfoot
bombardment's~bombardement de
sexology's~de sexologie
balloonist~aéronaute
bathyscaphe~bathyscaphe
aviary's~volière de
journo~Journo
gunman~gunman
undercoating's~de couche de fond
harmony~harmonie
Eyre's~Eyre
bass's~contrebasse solo
gouache~gouache
riles~Riles
pharaoh's~PHARAON
guardsmen~guardsmen
debugged~debugged
gospel's~gospel's
letterbomb~letterbomb
postlude~postlude
Gogol~Gogol
rabbinate~rabbinat
prejudgement~préjugement
drips~drips
backpacking~randonnée
interfiling~interclassement
Darla~Darla
hedged~couvert
headland's~pointe de
quire's~quire de
woodsiness~woodsiness
porcine~porcin
holidaymakers~les vacanciers
Talmudic~talmudique
stoke~alimenter
idolater~idolâtre
serge~serge
lurker~lurker
sumptuously~somptueusement
fem~fem
rechecking~revérifier
Zorro's~Zorro de
galena's~galena's
cackler's~Cackler de
searcher's~chercheur de
Aquarian~Aquarian
paranormal~paranormal
rollers~patin à roulettes
unidiomatic~unidiomatic
wearier~las
Dravidian's~dravidien de
rolled~roulé
conjugal~conjugal
makings's~Années Makings
vulgarised~vulgarisée
pennant~fanion
everything's~everything's
sander~ponceuse
Wisc~Wisc
effortlessness's~effortlessness's
instrumental~instrumental
bubblegum~bubblegum
heartlessly~sans pitié
nastiest~méchant
drinking~drinking
overshoots~suroscillations
frantic~frantic
corpsman~corpsman
slims~Slims
goading~goading
Finnish's~de la Finlande
amalgam~amalgame
red~rouge
wedgie~wedgie
Anibal's~Anibal de
sanctimony~dévotion
suckers~ventouses
wisteria's~Années glycines
gumboil's~gumboil's
perimeters~périmètres
perturbation's~perturbation de
equinox~equinox
holder~titulaire
demolition~demolition
aggravated~aggravé
provisioning~approvisionnement
onyxes~onyx
glitterati~glitterati
bitterer~amer
downsize~downsize
apostatises~apostatises
stiffener~raidisseur
main's~principale de
speedway's~piste de vitesse de
guvnor~guvnor
gratuitous~gratuitous
seawall's~de mur de protection
imperturbability~imperturbabilité
footings~footings
backstreet~Backstreet
strainers~passoires
disqualify~disqualify
Rollerblade's~rollers de
Leola's~Leola de
murdered~assassiné
acclimatises~acclimate
postmortem's~post-mortem de
consultants~consultants
churchwarden's~Années marguillier
respectful~respectueux
kneed~kneed
gardeners~gardeners
weekender~personne partant en weekend
penalisation's~de dépénalisation
downspouts~downspouts
prizefighters~prizefighters
contacted~contacted
verses~versets
obliterating~oblitérante
Florida's~FLORIDE
spoors~spoors
clustering~regroupement
toolmaker's~de outilleur
interdependence~interdépendance
ironic~ironique
prolixly~prolixly
expropriation's~expropriation's
prospectus~prospectus
Brownian's~de brownien
Gretzky's~Gretzky
trice's~tournemain de
frizzle~frizzle
wireds~wireds
bloodline's~bloodline de
Riga's~Riga de
eatables~eatables
Clemens's~Clemens de
mentalities~les mentalités
cuspid~cuspid
Baruch's~Baruch de
wrathfully~courroucée
documentations~documentations
copyright's~copyright's
biography~la biographie
negativism~négativisme
subscribers~les abonnés
construe~construe
symmetry~symétrie
immaculateness's~immaculateness de
heresy's~l'hérésie de
boasted~vantée
Reba~Reba
deplete~deplete
Themistocles~Thémistocle
downspout~downspout
virago's~virago de
sure~sûr
sifter's~Années sifter
Californians~Californiens
seventeen's~dix-sept ans de
Multan~Multan
Castor~Castor
sandbar~banc de sable
comparatives~comparatifs
articulate~articuler
jackrabbit~jackrabbit
mutes~sourdines
discourteously~discourteously
malamutes~malamutes
fanned~fanned
Bridger's~Bridger de
state's~États
millinery~chapellerie féminine
counterculture's~counterculture's
Scrabble~Scrabble
winnowing~vannage
peeps~coups d'oeil
yule~Noël
exclamatory~exclamatory
curtly~curtly
sabbatical~sabbatique
paring~épluchage
jib~foc
cottonwood's~cottonwood's
urbane~urbain
corroding~corroding
digits~digits
densely~densely
pacemaker's~stimulateur cardiaque de
crucifixion~crucifixion
five~five
canceller's~de annuleur
overhauled~révisé
trophy's~trophée de
excitation's~excitation's
bossier~Bossier
goodbye's~goodbye's
cranial~cranial
Austria~L'Autriche
impolite~impoli
bluenose's~Années Bluenose
littleness~petitesse
infinitude's~de infinitude
iodising~iodation
Siam~Siam
thane's~Thane de
domestication's~domestication's
restrengthen~restrengthen
mussed~ébouriffés
smatterings~smatterings
depilatories~depilatories
haemophiliac~haemophiliac
drug's~drug's
astronomical~astronomique
swabbing~écouvillonnage
orchestras~orchestres
pileup's~de carambolage
understudied~mal étudié
Jacuzzi's~jacuzzis
lewdness's~de lubricité
pimpernel~mouron
backache~mal au dos
demand~demand
crocheting's~crocheting's
handcuffs~handcuffs
secants~sécantes
Appaloosas~Appaloosas
brigandage's~de brigandages
jellyroll's~Années Jellyroll
replication's~la réplication de
expiry~expiry
widowhood's~de viduité
Bethany's~Bethany de
contouring~contouring
rendezvoused~rendezvoused
abrogator~abrogateur
jolt~secousse
employer's~employer's
leukocyte~leucocyte
eventual~eventual
Hubble~Hubble
tasking~tasking
cuttlefishes~cuttlefishes
aspirant~aspirant
Beveridge~Beveridge
cytologist's~cytologist's
hoopla's~tralala de
deliquesced~deliquesced
Campbell's~Campbell
lexer~lexer
arsonist's~incendiaire de
Gaea's~Gaea de
deescalates~deescalates
winnowers~vanneuses
underutilised~sous-utilisé
logos~logos
clickers~cliqueurs
poo~caca
animadversion's~de animadversion
years~années
dark's~dark's
Ark's~arche de
ergonomics~ergonomics
mongers~fauteurs
chaffs~chaffs
eulogist~eulogist
dishware's~dishware's
bulkhead~cloison
Cipro~Cipro
liveried~en livrée
fossilising~fossilising
Blenheim~Blenheim
skinflint~radin
artiste~artiste
scumbags~scumbags
Dial's~Cadran de
inventing~inventant
podium~podium
spent~dépensé
beforehand~préalablement
Wiggins~Wiggins
corked~corked
swanky~huppé
sapsuckers~maculés
Photostat~Photostat
Josefa's~Josefa de
journal~journal
fancier's~fancier's
tabulations~tableaux
pigswill~eaux grasses
gotcha~gotcha
kielbasi~kielbasi
Evangeline's~Evangeline de
parricides~parricides
rheostat~rhéostat
whiles~whiles
Wuhan's~Wuhan de
Susie~Susie
hatchbacks~hayons
licentiously~licencieuse
Wells~puits
irreverence's~de l'irrévérence
God's~Dieux
spurred~sous l'impulsion
vamp~vamp
Turkey~dinde
undertakers~pompes funèbres
ensilage's~ensilage's
Mesopotamia's~Mésopotamie de
barefacedly~impudemment
immorality~immoralité
Tahitian~Tahiti
monosyllabic~monosyllabique
intellectualism~intellectualisme
Goren~Goren
dispense~dispense
Upton's~Upton de
beard~barbe
bailsman's~Années Saltsman
abrade~éroder
staring~regarder
Sarah's~Sarah
natives~indigènes
cartwheel~cartwheel
prolongation~prolongement
craftsman~craftsman
hexameters~hexamètres
Nagoya's~Nagoya de
privatised~privatisée
oxblood~oxblood
mounter~Mounter
thunderheads~thunderheads
undervalue~sous-estimer
converting~converting
scored~marqué
syllogism's~de syllogisme
perfect~parfait
Lorelei~Lorelei
chocks~cales
dibbled~dibbled
subterfuge~subterfuge
Cruz~Cruz
junctions~jonctions
warn~prévenir
pumas~pumas
riposted~riposté
outlandishly~saugrenus
Velazquez~Velazquez
unwaged~non-salariés
lard~saindoux
escorted~escorted
surpass~dépasser
newfangled~dernier cri
Khalid~Khalid
bobcat~lynx
convinces~convinces
ogle's~Ogle de
canonically~canoniquement
access's~l'accès de
counterproductive~counterproductive
Medina~Medina
litigate~plaider
diagramming~diagramming
thrash~débattre
lighthouse~phare
Walls~Des murs
slur~liaison
finespun~finespun
noway~en aucune façon
parlous~précaire
Salonika~salonika
rebuked~réprimandé
calumets~calumets
unfixed~non fixée
Oregon~Oregon
leer~lorgner
franchisee~franchisee
rectangles~rectangles
unvoiced~sourd
jamb's~Années jambage
successor~successeur
scrunch~faire broyer
notices~Avis
twiner~Twiner
exhaustive~exhaustive
Burke~Burke
erotica~erotica
perfection~la perfection
uppercutting~uppercutting
Pei~Pei
revealingly~révélateur
detoxification~detoxification
iffier~iffier
collaterally~collatéralement
Bradbury~Bradbury
merman~triton
declaim~declaim
frizzes~frizzes
boil's~ébullition de
win~gagner
antilogarithm's~antilogarithme de
plashes~Plashes
pedlar~colporteur
antiwar~anti-guerre
insensitive~insensible
malarkey~malarkey
risible~risible
inexpressible~inexprimable
macing~Dentelle
roominess~dimensions généreuses
reattempts~nouvelles tentatives
antirrhinums~antirrhinums
crookneck~crookneck
groaned~groaned
preterm~avant terme
emasculated~emasculated
persists~persiste
plug's~fiche de
denser~denser
demon~demon
convertibility~convertibility
collectives~collectifs
lecherousness~lasciveté
directorate's~directorate's
resuscitation's~de réanimation
ducats~ducats
parqueted~parqueté
flowchart~flowchart
thanklessly~ingratitude
persuasiveness~force de persuasion
Thackeray~Thackeray
Geoffrey~Geoffrey
gales~gales
director's~director's
fumbler's~fumbler's
guffawing~guffawing
holidayed~holidayed
necropolises~nécropoles
Leibniz~Leibniz
strikingly~étonnamment
rhyme~rime
Carla~Carla
Xanadu's~Xanadu de
buzzes~bourdonnements
avenger~vengeur
embittered~embittered
ratio's~Coefficient de
sultry~étouffant
sepsis's~septicémie de
hardball~hardball
whichever~quel
blasts~blastes
catchy~entraînant
undertaker~pompes funèbres
deiced~deiced
eleventh~eleventh
pantechnicons~pantechnicons
Champlain~Champlain
novellas~novellas
clients~clients
editorialising~editorialising
unnecessarily~inutilement
cetaceans~cétacés
pillars~piliers
supplement~supplément
necrophiliac~nécrophile
Micheal's~Micheal de
rubbery~caoutchouteux
coreligionist~coreligionist
toothpaste's~de dentifrice
aeons~éons
impairment's~perte de valeur de
ordinarily~ordinairement
jeroboam~jéroboam
skeet's~au pigeon d'argile de
altruist's~de altruist
anemometer~anémomètre
icebound~bloqué par les glaces
Gustav's~Gustav de
Victrola~Victrola
terminology's~terminologiques
glottises~glottises
optometrists~optométristes
oxidant's~oxydant de
deathbed~deathbed
leafs~leafs
Heep~Heep
puma~puma
tyrannosauruses~tyrannosaures
antipodeans~antipodeans
billed~facturé
revisionists~révisionnistes
monastically~monastiquement
adopts~adopte
weepiest~weepiest
angering~irritant
cryptographer~cryptographer
clog~sabot
tinge~teinte
flypasts~flypasts
scrubby~broussailleux
easterly~easterly
nonconforming~non conforme
undulate~onduler
reliant~dépendant
disreputably~disreputably
fieldwork~fieldwork
ratifier's~de pays ayant ratifié
concertinaing~concertinaing
fireworks~fireworks
Tobago's~Années Tobago
Studebaker~Studebaker
mantel~cheminée
dinghies~dinghies
crapshooters~crapshooters
glens~glens
vaulters~perchistes
stab~poignarder
Trinidadian's~Années trinidadiens
nationalism~nationalisme
ureter~uretère
particularised~particularisé
hideaway~refuge
jukebox~juke-box
unevenness~inégalités
fieldworker~fieldworker
abstention~abstention
toasters~toasters
ongoing~en cours
alternation~alternance
desperadoes~desperadoes
musicologists~musicologues
Beard~Barbe
Oz's~oz de
apologised~Excusé
doorknobs~doorknobs
bunkhouses~Dortoirs
cultivatable~cultivatable
Elizabeth~Elizabeth
Rosales's~Rosales de
designates~designates
crocus~crocus
infraction~infraction
Aires's~Aires de
fleshing~fleshing
Edmund~Edmund
canniness~canniness
Icahn~Icahn
fledged~fledged
skincare's~soins de la peau de
setscrew~vis de réglage
aviator~aviateur
wooliness~verbosité
Sculley~Sculley
smokey~Smokey
piney~Piney
regenerative~régénérateur
roughest~les plus accidentés
debouching~debouching
Smirnoff~Smirnoff
ruder~Ruder
aquifer~aquifère
dispersion's~dispersion's
Carissa~Carissa
parity~parité
interests~intérêts
pleases~fait plaisir
sinister~sinistre
fundamentals~fundamentals
Ardabil~Ardabil
quiz~quiz
Hebraism~hébraïsme
nutcase~dingo
spring~printemps
readjustment's~réajustement de
strawing~paillage
narrower~plus étroit
cascaded~en cascade
cowl~cowl
tradeswoman's~de commerçante
escargot~escargot
noggins~caboches
burdensome~pénible
fibrillated~fibrillated
ingrowing~incarné
forename's~forename's
bestowals~effusions
aural~auriculaire
solemnifies~solemnifies
drub~drub
Jodie~Jodie
stealthily~furtivement
patterns~modèles
earthworm's~earthworm's
veep's~veep de
doper's~doper's
wedged~calée
goatherds~goatherds
charisma~charisme
obsessive's~de obsessionnels
impecuniously~impecuniously
wind's~les vents
Erasmus~Erasmus
lugger~lougre
snowboard~snowboard
catechism's~catéchisme de
congresswoman~membre du Congrès
procrastinate~tergiverser
labels~Étiquettes
Kraft's~Kraft de
Debbie~Debbie
tortoni~Tortoni
calculation~calcul
canoed~canoed
sugarcane's~sucre de canne
teleprompter's~de prompteur
encyclopaedic~encyclopaedic
allured~alléché
interpolation's~interpolation de
rials~rials
annihilator~Annihilator
gooses~gooses
singsongs~chanter des chansons
Durhams~Durhams
weightlifter's~de weightlifter
kestrel~crécerelle
rechecks~revérifie
pinkies~pinkies
wounding~blessant
Skinner~Skinner
hair's~hair's
dirndl's~dirndl's
orthodoxy's~l'orthodoxie de
essentially~essentially
Lhotse's~Lhotse de
Pearlie's~Pearlie de
sidestroking~sidestroking
Crookes's~Années Crookes
momentariness~momentanéité
sozzled~imbibé
oxbow~méandre
recap~résumer
Antoninus's~antoninus de
benefit's~avantages
skulkers~Furtifs
suborder's~de sous-ordre
vegeburgers~vegeburgers
Islamism~Islamisme
Emile~Emile
diode's~diode's
covenant~covenant
bloodlessness's~bloodlessness de
collecting~recueil
heifer's~génisse de
Tommie's~Tommie de
zany~loufoque
disarranged~disarranged
defer~defer
hypothalami~hypothalami
beadle~bedeau
aspect's~aspects
purposely~à dessein
Sonya's~SONYA
countrywoman's~countrywoman's
dresser~dresser
Brennan~Brennan
deafness~deafness
um~um
handcar's~handcar's
surely~sûrement
phantom~fantôme
GP~GP
panderer~panderer
condor's~condor de
Napoleons~Napoleons
Rapunzel~Raiponce
he~il
structures~structures
weakfish's~Années acoupa
abstaining~abstenant
patsy~pigeon
leftwards~vers la gauche
retirees~retraités
detail~detail
deviation's~deviation's
larding~larder
appendectomies~appendicectomies
laggard~traînard
mavens~mavens
humourlessness's~de humourlessness
Sartre's~Sartre
crackerjacks~crackerjacks
concertises~concertises
brittleness's~friabilité de
Lidia~Lidia
ftp~ftp
axletree~axletree
surreptitious~subreptice
glossiest~glossiest
overtaxed~surtaxés
panegyric~panégyrique
ESL~ESL
collectivism's~de collectivisme
disloyalty~disloyalty
somebody~quelqu'un
semanticist's~de sémanticien
norther's~norther de
landslides~glissements de terrain
amateurism~amateurisme
gypsum's~gypsum's
renderings~rendus
prehistory~préhistoire
lolcat~lolcat
painter's~Les peintures
dish~dish
revs~régime
cabdriver's~de chauffeur de taxi
vigilantist's~vigilantist de
modernist~moderniste
sweatshirt~sweat-shirt
macroscopic~macroscopique
self~soi
sanitises~désinfecte
dipole's~dipole's
corrugating~corrugating
Salazar~Salazar
betoken~présager
Peters~Peters
flagstone's~flagstone's
liqueur~liqueur
intermissions~entractes
auburn's~auburn de
racial~racial
Axum~Axum
bugled~bugled
jato~JATO
matzoth~matsot
justification~justification
plinth's~socle de
obbligato~obbligato
export's~export's
refiner's~raffineur de
Remington~Remington
ctr~ctr
captures~capture
Jayawardene~Jayawardene
fearfully~fearfully
Kay's~Kay
paterfamilias~pater familias
reunion~réunion
quantitatively~quantitativement
gestational~gestational
prospering~prospérant
tam's~tam de
Ruby~Rubis
brainstormed~brainstorm
faceting~faceting
nicknamed~surnommé
ferryman's~ferryman's
resorted~recours
promontory~promontoire
Oslo~Oslo
seventeenth's~dix-septième de
spitball's~spitball de
yard's~cour de
feathered~feathered
neuralgia~névralgie
Turk~Turc
enamours~enamours
blanker~blanker
telexes~telex
Allan~Allan
gallows~gallows
entryway's~entryway's
mopping~épongeant
redressed~redressées
charbroils~charbroils
parallelisms~parallélismes
overdrafts~découverts
disowns~disowns
plotter~traceur
rogue~coquin
envelopment~envelopment
commemorator~commemorator
dotage~dotage
marauding~maraude
miler~miler
temporising~temporisant
downer's~downer's
ravelled~défilait
Godiva~Godiva
anus's~anus de
voluntary~volontaire
nuncio's~nonce de
plays~pièces
crawled~crawled
kickers~kickers
shabbiness's~de mesquinerie
iPad's~iPad de
pluralises~pluralises
overemphasised~surestimée
twittery~twittery
shuttled~la navette
chagrined~chagriné
discreteness's~discreteness's
angered~colère
barbarising~barbarising
Matthew's~Matthieu
classroom's~salles de classe
weaponry~armes
fungibles~fungibles
dill~dill
turrets~tourelles
slyest~slyest
frankfurter~frankfurter
mesa~mesa
vaulter~sauteur
hookah~narguilé
slot~fente
messmate's~de commensal
combat~combat
ginseng~ginseng
dandelion~dandelion
hogback~Hogback
digitally~digitally
Keillor~Keillor
gravimeter's~gravimeter's
lancet~lancette
cagier~cagier
blotchiest~blotchiest
Pavlov~Pavlov
hyperbolic~hyperbolique
gloss~gloss
archipelagos~archipels
guvs~guvs
shareware~shareware
contentiousness~contentiousness
demeaned~demeaned
masculines~masculins
airfares~tarifs
petiole~pétiole
trucker's~camionneur de
greatest~greatest
Virgie~Virgie
typewriting~dactylographique
arcade~arcade
orchid~orchidée
snares~pièges
reflations~relances
Estes~Estes
contradict~contradict
mistress's~maîtresse
squeaker~pouet
demonise~demonise
condo's~condo de
solenoids~solénoïdes
adventuring~adventuring
orthodontics's~de orthodontiques
Brynner~Brynner
grazed~grazed
bastard's~bâtard de
spadework's~Années défrichage
hushes~assoupit
sucks~suce
SGML~SGML
nonzero~non nulle
knitter's~de tricoteuse
nudge~coup de coude
credos~credos
Rwandan~Rwanda
scare's~peur de
logjam~logjam
ever~ever
Edwin~Edwin
paging~pagination
hominid~hominidé
unloving~unloving
commonplace's~est courant
hissed~siffla
meditation~méditation
overpaid~surpayé
cheddar's~fromage cheddar de
colitis's~années colite
nonagenarian's~Années nonagénaires
sinned~péché
percussionist's~percussionniste de
misconstruction's~de misconstruction
renegotiates~renégocie
conning~Conning
incapacitate~affaiblir
sensibility~sensibilité
grouser's~grouser's
outcry~tollé
November~novembre
separate~séparé
schoolbook~livre scolaire
keyhole's~trou de la serrure de
smiley~smiley
thrills~sensations fortes
precluded~exclue
cannonading~canonnade
conifer's~conifère de
pucks~palets
wing~aile
Cordoba's~Cordoba de
outwork~travail à domicile
sunbathe~bronzer
Sloan's~Sloan
Jake's~Jake
casehardens~casehardens
hearthstones~hearthstones
Bloomer's~Culotte bouffante
gazebos~gazebos
boniness's~boniness de
gynaecological~gynaecological
sucking~succion
treason~trahison
Bogart~Bogart
peat~tourbe
immortalising~immortalisation
motorcycling~faire de la moto
GHz~GHz
crocus's~crocus's
wallopings~wallopings
babes~filles
penny~penny
remitted~remis
plate's~plaque de
poncho~poncho
literariness's~de littérarité
artificial~artificiel
teat~trayon
consecrations~consécrations
spoil's~butin de
juridical~juridique
epoxy's~epoxy's
recuse~récuser
universalised~universalisé
Greece's~Grèce de
Englishmen~Anglais
sidebar's~barre latérale de
validate~valider
pk~pk
Emacs's~Années Emacs
numeral's~le chiffre de
vitrifies~vitrifie
infantries~infanteries
sequoias~séquoias
grump's~grump's
urgency's~l'urgence de
miniaturises~miniaturiser
intercity~intervilles
yule's~Yule de
Rudolf~Rudolf
Amanda's~Amanda
NBA's~NBA de
intriguer~intrigant
mamma~maman
lenders~prêteurs
photogenically~photogénique
tattletales~Tattletales
kenned~Kenned
unwiser~unwiser
defamed~defamed
creditors~creditors
intersected~intersecté
irately~avec colère
Emery~Émeri
coroner~coroner
regeneracy's~regeneracy de
pioneer~pionnier
Safeway~Safeway
apocryphally~apocryphe
triply~triplement
ratiocination's~de ratiocination
cheesiness's~de cheesiness
psychedelic's~psychédélique de
mortgage's~son hypothèque
epilepsy~epilepsy
pooh's~Pooh de
sophisticated~sophistiqué
jilted~délaissée
ecotourist~ecotourist
unluckily~malheureusement
perpetually~perpétuellement
rucking~rucking
macadamised~macadamisée
nonprofit~non lucratif
evaporating~evaporating
Laredo's~Laredo de
fedoras~fedoras
Bern's~Berne de
ottomans~poufs
garnishee's~garnishee's
fajitas~fajitas
rip's~RIP
credence~credence
doolally~doolally
courtship's~courtship's
worktops~Plans de travail
Damon's~Damon
corpulence~corpulence
minicabs~minicabs
testifying~témoignant
scoured~écumé
beguiler~pilleur
expressionist's~expressionist's
calligraphers~calligraphes
reconquered~reconquise
rim~jante
idempotent~idempotent
seasonably~selon la saison
Barclay's~Barclay
Bancroft~Bancroft
across~à travers
escudo~escudo
veganism~végétalisme
doom~doom
percolation's~de percolation
tunnellings~tunnellings
crags~crags
mustard~moutarde
vertically~verticalement
Hindustanis~Hindustanis
Hialeah's~Hialeah de
metempsychosis~métempsycose
Westminster's~Westminster de
heartening~réjouissante
defects~defects
Amalia~Amalia
Mendel's~Mendel
incontinence's~de l'incontinence
prudential~prudentielle
sacroiliacs~sacroiliacs
Margery~Margery
android~Android
sprocket~pignon
Downs's~Downs du
Shijiazhuang~Shijiazhuang
Yule's~Yule de
copped~copped
regularising~régularisant
bighorn~Grosse corne
convened~convened
lagers~lagers
flattest~flattest
medially~médiale
morass's~Années Morass
taxidermist~taxidermiste
ropers~cordiers
Hadrian~Hadrien
gridirons~gridirons
soupier~soupier
porpoise~marsouin
tablecloth's~nappe années
unmasks~démasque
whop~whop
Odyssey's~Odyssée
superciliousness~arrogance
debilitated~debilitated
pelican~pélican
bouzouki's~Années bouzouki
Turgenev's~Tourgueniev de
Vaduz~Vaduz
knocking~cognement
hymnal~livre des cantiques
missal~missel
hegira~hégire
creature's~creature's
raindrop~goutte de pluie
Southey's~Southey de
pecans~noix de pécan
inaccurately~inexactement
impertinence~impertinence
pulses~impulsions
Taliban~Taliban
introspection~introspection
heftiness~heftiness
confer~conférer
stoutness's~de corpulence
struts~entretoises
turps~térébenthine
fateful~fateful
commerce's~commerce de
habitability's~habitability's
Bellini's~Bellini
gobbet~gobbet
certain~certain
conceit~vanité
rites~rites
principally~principalement
kielbasa's~kielbasa de
misfires~ratés d'allumage
deprive~deprive
immortalise~immortalisera
tarrier~Tarrier
rhodium's~rhodium de
indentures~actes de fiducie
collectivism~collectivisme
Nevadian~Nevadian
missive~missive
bombing~bombardement
motions~mouvements
real~réal
Feb~Fév
Donahue~Donahue
lollygags~lollygags
Lesseps~Lesseps
ibises~ibises
pawnshops~prêteur sur gage
Sulla's~sulla de
seductress's~séductrices de
mannerism~maniérisme
theology~théologie
wobbled~vacillé
humidor's~de humidor
bod's~Années bod
jaunt~balade
churchman~ecclésiastique
Gastroenterology~Gastroenterology
embanked~embanked
refracting~réfringent
diabetes's~diabetes's
Lawrence~Lawrence
unmentioned~unmentioned
crosswind~crosswind
Igor~Igor
ulcerating~ulcérée
wellington's~WELLINGTON
acquisitiveness~thésaurisation
philistine's~philistin de
swampier~swampier
stewing~étuvée
deathwatch~deathwatch
laid~posé
zipper's~zipper
plaque's~plaque années
songstresses~songstresses
Icarus~Icarus
dumbfounded~dumbfounded
heavenliest~heavenliest
consideration~considération
glaciates~glaciates
ledges~rebords
crumple~crumple
broody's~de couveuses
yelled~a hurlé
discussions~discussions
ration's~ration de
soothers~Sucettes
excusable~excusable
mellifluousness's~de mellifluousness
milligram~milligramme
latitudinarian's~de latitudinaires
abidance's~abidance de
electioneered~electioneered
cliffs~falaises
copier~copier
swapped~permuté
supplicant's~de suppliante
inculpated~inculpés
headmaster's~directeur de
bullfighters~toréadors
coo's~coo's
talcum's~de talc
systematised~systématisée
Scrooge~Scrooge
fast's~fast's
deregulating~deregulating
peke's~Peke de
Sol~Sol
ashrams~ashrams
commando's~Commando
Godthaab's~Godthaab de
maximisation~maximisation
propriety~convenance
flippies~flippies
beeswax~cire d'abeille
absentminded~distrait
guv~guv
roiling~roiling
devaluing~devaluing
edicts~edicts
bedevils~assaille
offal's~abats de
awash~inondé
preregistering~inscriront
encapsulated~encapsulated
Manchus~Mandchous
manager~directeur
parenthesis's~parenthèse de
Montenegro~Monténégro
cymbal~cymbal
convalescences~convalescences
pillowed~coussinés
corporations~corporations
louring~louring
outsmart~être plus malin que
fajita's~fajita's
serums~serums
metaphor~métaphore
tier's~niveau de
Rhineland~Rhénanie
pustular~pustuleux
colonial~colonial
Wilmington's~Wilmington de
Bacardi's~Bacardi de
susceptible~sensible
dethrones~dethrones
goat's~goat's
acidulous~acidulé
ardours~ardeurs
nonalcoholic~non alcoolique
updates~mises à jour
convertibility's~convertibility's
inconstant~inconstant
counterrevolution's~counterrevolution's
ventriloquists~ventriloques
Soyuz's~Soyouz de
Idaho~Idaho
Marguerite's~Marguerite
netherworld's~netherworld de
logician~logicien
cautionary~de précaution
carded~cardée
stacking~empilage
disjunctive~disjunctive
apartheid~apartheid
enervation's~enervation's
study's~L'étude de
towelling's~de toweling
Capet~Capet
wavelets~vaguelettes
schnapps's~de schnaps
Inonu's~Années Inonu
rusticating~rusticating
antique~antique
dwindle~dwindle
felon~felon
eldest~eldest
knavery~friponnerie
faddish~faddish
Afghani's~afghani de
anchorwoman's~Années Présentatrice
handler~handler
downloaded~downloaded
storefront's~devanture de
Tucuman's~Tucuman de
oriole~loriot
amber~ambre
dugouts~dugouts
materiel~matériel
demurrer~demurrer
Simone~Simone
sexagenarians~sexagénaires
superimposes~superpose
Friend~Ami
Punch~Coup de poing
ergot~ergot
Yekaterinburg's~Ekaterinbourg de
flatworm~flatworm
bareheaded~nu tête
fissionable~fissionable
Camembert~Camembert
chauffeured~chauffeured
RP~RP
luxuriantly~luxuriance
protuberance~protubérance
sundered~écarté
barbarises~barbarises
cheekbone's~pommette de
motorcyclist~motocycliste
embraceable~embraceable
Swedish's~suédois de
Speer~Speer
debauchee~debauchee
tastefulness~tastefulness
jape~farce
tangential~tangentiel
calcite~calcite
goaltender's~goaltender's
bunkhouse~bunkhouse
turmeric~Safran des Indes
fleeted~fleeted
largeness~largeur
destruct~destruct
shirttails~pans
starving~affamé
lugubriousness~lugubriousness
mignonettes~mignonnettes
fascinates~fascinates
barbarity's~de barbarie
jive~swing
bewitching~enchantant
crasser~crasser
antifreeze~antigel
headmistress's~de directrice d'école
Miro~Miro
deadbolts~deadbolts
Peru~Pérou
basset's~Basset
motherboard~carte mère
reemployment's~de réembauche
disconnectedly~disconnectedly
cogitation's~de cogitation
cluing~cluing
sleepers~traverses
sterilisation's~stérilisations
incredulity's~de l'incrédulité
bendable~cintrable
Pentecostal's~pentecôtiste de
fleetingness~fleetingness
secludes~isole
angst's~de Angst
Gropius's~Gropius de
humour~humour
worldviews~visions du monde
mutts~cabots
Dijkstra~Dijkstra
haematite~haematite
Knight~Chevalier
teasel~cardère
stimulate~stimuler
concealment's~la dissimulation de
promontory's~années promontoire
meatball~boulette de viande
wistfulness~mélancolie
psychology's~la psychologie de
playfellow~camarade de jeu
pittances~pitances
spinal's~la colonne vertébrale de
unbelievers~non-croyants
unhorsing~unhorsing
lamented~lamentait
dextrose's~dextrose's
bunchiest~bunchiest
invaluably~inestimable
razes~rase
Snoopy's~Snoopy
electorates~electorates
guardroom~guardroom
Brewster~Brewster
respecters~acception
quarters~quarts
Tswana's~Tswana de
histogram's~histogramme de
absolutism's~de l'absolutisme
Mendez's~Méndez de
dispensary's~dispensary's
sherry~Sherry
telegraphing~télégraphier
titties~nichons
crack~crack
confirmation's~de confirmation
kiddie's~kiddie de
doggerel~doggerel
collections~collections
hasten~accélérer
subtracted~soustraite
midribs~nervures médianes
automatise~automatise
fingernails~fingernails
godsend~godsend
chrome~chrome
Transcaucasia~Transcaucasie
differential~differential
poorboy's~poorboy de
slinking~furtif
wikis~wikis
convocations~convocations
yelping~jappement
Mott~Mott
Ionians~Ioniens
hindquarters~arrière-train
Hatfield's~Hatfield
reincarnates~réincarne
Bill~Facture
linearity's~linéarité de
gazetteer's~gazetteer's
archfiend's~Années Archdémon
Ayyubid's~ayyoubide de
cosy's~cosy's
payload~charge utile
inhuman~inhumain
contiguously~contiguously
enjoyably~enjoyably
raffishness~raffishness
Cumberland's~Cumberland de
bathing~baignade
catchphrases~slogans
duties~duties
pervs~pervs
renascences~renascences
Artemis's~Artemis de
Dalmatia's~Dalmatie du
hairpins~hairpins
Vedas~Vedas
spook~effrayer
sighted~voyants
deliriousness~deliriousness
Leninist~léniniste
Northwests~Northwests
waif~enfant abandonné
Taiyuan~Taiyuan
promulgates~promulgue
handsaw's~handsaw's
fashionably~fashionably
Catalonia's~Catalogne de
Acheson~Acheson
arraignment's~de mise en accusation
tibial~tibial
aptly~avec justesse
warplanes~avions de combat
pushpins~pushpins
pockmarked~grêlé
restitution~restitution
trimmer~tondeuse
tooters~Tooters
fragrance~fragrance
specifically~Plus précisément
bauble~babiole
taster~dégustateur
matrimony~mariage
Teasdale~Teasdale
dried~dried
demonetisation~demonetisation
reapportioning~redistribuant
Hurst~Hurst
joint~mixte
parkas~parkas
killjoy~rabat-joie
semiyearly~semiyearly
rallies~rassemblements
retrenched~retranchés
Ruhr's~années Ruhr
rambunctiousness's~de rambunctiousness
transit's~de transit
prof's~prof de
Cuvier's~Cuvier
chancellery's~chancellery de
antivivisectionist's~antivivisectionist de
unshakably~inébranlablement
dissipating~dissipating
discomfiture's~discomfiture's
frostbit~frostbit
blasphemed~blasphémé
belaboured~frappèrent
Shanghai's~Années Shanghai
tapestries~tapisseries
nonspirituals~nonspirituals
Umbriel's~Umbriel de
administrating~administration
intestacy's~de intestat
caballero~caballero
Sulawesi's~Sulawesi du
copyleft~copyleft
uprightness~intégrité
valuers~experts immobiliers
Filipino~Philippines
processes~processus
flooding~flooding
rajah~rajah
inaccuracy's~inexactitude de
scorches~roussit
pluralists~pluralists
cuddled~cuddled
hooch's~gnôle de
biomass~la biomasse
maps~cartes
crucify~crucify
Keck's~Keck de
drugstores~drugstores
cockatoo's~de cacatoès
surcharge's~supplément de
bridal~de mariée
verdure~verdure
festivity~festivity
chapbooks~chapbooks
diagnosticians~diagnosticians
florets~florets
dentifrices~dentifrices
strumpets~catins
roundness~rondeur
indestructibility~indestructibilité
lyric~lyrique
jug's~cruche de
choosing~choisir
confluent~confluent
delves~delves
staggeringly~renversante
subtitle~Sous-titre
interposition's~intercalation de
cud's~cud's
Eliot~Eliot
bag~sac
flattop~flattop
Alger~Alger
genuflects~genuflects
pragmatist~pragmatiste
Bertie~Bertie
chirping~chant
Java~Java
alternation's~alternance de
hangars~hangars
aquatically~aquatically
breakfast~déjeuner
Monet~Monet
mystic~mystique
paranoia~paranoïa
Ga~Géorgie
itemising~indiquant en détail
blooper~gaffe
moccasins~mocassins
their~leur
turnkeys~guichetiers
annexations~annexions
trichina's~trichine de
overarms~overarms
pests~parasites
Hancock~Hancock
subjugates~subjugue
Cornish's~Cornish de
voyaged~voyaged
Sheol's~shéol de
Chattanooga's~Chattanooga de
cm~cm
shakiness's~de shakiness
hologram's~hologramme de
impended~menaçaient
lumpiness~indivisibilité
flinty~flinty
maleficence's~malfaisance de
affirmation's~affirmation de
bring~apporter
acutes~acutes
O'Neill~O'Neill
inflammability's~imflammabilitité de
thwackers~thwackers
radiologist's~radiologue de
graving~graving
gulps~gulps
Congreve's~Congrève de
phantasmagoria's~Années fantasmagorie
sedative's~sédatifs de
cleavages~clivages
gun~gun
Africans~Africains
egg~egg
discommoded~discommoded
ornateness~ornementation
sundae's~sundae de
wholewheat~blé complet
facsimiled~facsimiled
ambulancemen~ambulanciers
closure's~fermeture de
enveloped~enveloped
brigand~brigand
poaches~braconne
maced~Maced
intermarriages~consanguins
yak~yak
undesirables~undesirables
psychotherapist~psychothérapeute
ascription's~de ascription
unequalled~inégalé
nosebag~musette
seers~seers
wavelike~ondulant
interfiles~interclasser
Hermosillo~Hermosillo
crackles~crackles
Canberra's~Canberra de
mechanisms~mécanismes
dependencies~dependencies
bedlam's~Bedlam de
exorcised~exorcised
remigrated~remigrated
masonry's~maçonnerie de
scudding~scudding
Reno's~Reno de
reacquires~réacquiert
misrepresent~dénaturer
ARC~ARC
Lexington's~Lexington de
posting~affectation
patriots~patriotes
XEmacs~XEmacs
relaid~reposées
indefinite~indéfini
moistener's~mouilleur de
Artie~Artie
infeasible~infaisable
skylark's~Années alouette
apartheid's~de l'apartheid
terabit's~de térabit
CEO~PDG
regions~les régions
Godzilla's~Godzilla de
coarsen~devenir vulgaire
foulest~foulest
changeover's~changement de
Schoenberg~Schoenberg
Gide's~Gide
markup's~la marge bénéficiaire du
parading~parader
libellous~diffamatoire
euro's~euro's
restrengthening~restrengthening
mainland~territoire continental
sketchpads~sketchpads
wolds~wolds
AP~AP
microcomputers~micro-ordinateurs
streptomycin's~streptomycine de
gloamings~gloamings
reentered~réentrées
studying~en train d'étudier
Alex's~Alex
batting's~de frappeurs
frowardness's~frowardness's
nth~nième
gracefulness's~gracefulness's
protrusions~des saillies
situations~situations
gourmets~gourmets
Bulawayo~Bulawayo
loops~boucles
bedizens~bedizens
stevedores~arrimeurs
entombing~entombing
incurably~incurablement
Charley~Charley
Capt~capt
snitched~snitched
Goa~Goa
diameter~diameter
identify~identifier
alerts~alertes
firm's~firm's
billowing~flottant
serene~serein
brooklet~ruisselet
glades~glades
cutler's~cutler's
hermit's~ermite de
thatching~thatching
Leonard~Leonard
Millicent's~Millicent de
croakiest~croakiest
anthology~anthologie
rates~les taux
marquise~Marquise
penlight~penlight
enthusiasm~enthusiasm
abhorred~abhorré
gybe's~gybe's
juiced~Juiced
discount~discount
indenture~indenture
assize's~assises
beginner's~débutant de
scandalised~scandalisé
honking~klaxons
Lucites~LUCITES
chukka~chukka
theta~thêta
recrudescence~recrudescence
blinker's~clignotants
developing~developing
Siberia's~Sibérie de
separating~séparation
beefiness~beefiness
draping~draping
decked~decked
dandles~dandles
feeling's~feeling's
Allentown~Allentown
schoolfellow's~condisciple de
politico~politico-
bungees~sandows
Arkansas's~Arkansas de
slaking~battance
congregationalist~congrégationaliste
ceaselessness's~de caractère continu
toner's~toner de
vibration~vibration
Gloria~Gloria
cubers~cubers
kibosh~kibosh
crotch~crotch
he's~il est
keyword~mot-clé
Roland's~Roland
violinist's~violoniste de
attractive~attrayant
promiscuous~confus
saucer's~soucoupe de
Pablum~Pablum
daguerreotyping~daguerreotyping
Augustinians~augustins
pretended~prétendu
raglans~raglans
derides~derides
Felix's~de Felix
extort~extort
illustriously~illustriously
illusion~illusion
goldsmith's~goldsmith's
forefather~forefather
Valerie's~Valerie de
Nair's~Nair de
Adderley~Adderley
tattletale's~de Tattletale
Dartmoor~Dartmoor
genie~genie
dentistry~dentistry
sharpener's~aiguiseur de
shrug~hausser les épaules
pessimism~pessimisme
cussing~cussing
gigolo~gigolo
aerialist's~de aerialist
beeps~émet un signal sonore
daguerreotype's~daguerreotype's
reasoned~motivée
misapprehending~méprenant
apocryphal~apocryphe
harangue's~harangue's
circumlocution's~de circonlocutions
drawbridge~drawbridge
weakfishes~acoupas
understated~discret
recognising~reconnaissant
reforge~reforger
unbearably~insupportablement
Zechariah~Zacharie
Curacao's~Curaçao de
burrowing~creusement
moustache~moustache
monks~les moines
Jessie's~Jessie
xxviii~XXVIIIe
entertain~entertain
finessed~finessed
chesterfield's~chesterfield de
nobody's~personne est
weighty~lourd
handcrafted~handcrafted
Galileo's~Galilée
oilcan~burette de graissage
longbows~longbows
lob's~lob de
unfitness~inaptitude
suicides~suicides
chin~menton
Perth's~Perth de
veer~virer
happenstance~happenstance
musts~musts
unsnapped~unsnapped
ironmongers~quincailliers
wastebasket~wastebasket
abutted~aboutée
denotes~denotes
acridness's~âcreté de
gunpowder's~gunpowder's
nub~essentiel
Lollard's~Lollard de
Baryshnikov~Baryshnikov
browning~brunissement
fireball's~fireball's
creationists~creationists
flightiness's~flightiness's
piazza's~place de
subpoenas~citations à comparaître
collarbone~clavicule
blackguard's~gredin de
earthly~earthly
kookiness~kookiness
fixedly~fixedly
Orlon's~orlon de
multiplayer~multi-joueurs
puckishness's~de puckishness
brother's~frères
distributional~distributional
brutalities~brutalités
niceness~niceness
canoodles~canoodles
siltiest~silteuses
pusses~pusses
charwoman's~de charwoman
backhander~bakchich
deals~deals
impertinently~impertinente
gunnel~gunnel
rotundness's~rotundness de
efficiencies~efficiencies
acclimatised~acclimatés
without~sans pour autant
kvetchers~kvetchers
patientest~patientest
clit~clito
shabby~minable
splinting~attelles
aboriginals~autochtones
uncle~oncle
Wrangell~wrangell
groggier~groggier
crackpot's~crackpot's
Mancunian~Mancunian
Maura's~Maura de
blockhouse's~blockhaus de
syphilitic~syphilitique
codification~codification
bespangle~bespangle
jinks~Jinks
piddle's~piddle de
grandparents~grandparents
fearsome~fearsome
musket's~de mousquet
cravenly~cravenly
optioning~d'option
coax~amadouer
simplifying~la simplification
reg~reg
flywheels~flywheels
harried~harcelé
placidity~placidité
Burks's~Années Burks
PhD~Doctorat
reprised~reprised
sparsity~sparsity
guiltiness~guiltiness
fishnets~fishnets
seismograph~sismographe
limeade~Limonade
fondness~fondness
patchily~parcellaire
underbrush~sous-bois
rafting's~rafting de
prudence~prudence
Aswan's~Assouan de
chordate's~de chordés
bittersweet's~aigre-doux de
mountains~montagnes
caddishly~caddishly
commutator~commutateur
airline's~avion de
hotelier~hotelier
metabolism's~le métabolisme de
Johnie's~Johnie de
bodywork's~de carrosserie
new~Nouveau
unwieldiest~unwieldiest
flambeed~flambeed
exhaust's~exhaust's
TLC's~TLC
Blackfeet's~Blackfeet de
stabled~stabled
priority~priorité
distillation's~distillation's
quilting's~matelassage de
ultimatum's~ultimatum de
intemperance~intempérance
Frank~Franc
swigging~swigging
frontbenches~frontbenches
subtitling~sous-titrage
loudmouth~grande gueule
Rudolph's~Rudolph
trendiest~les plus branchés
paperwork's~documents de
funded~funded
translating~Traduction en cours
Durocher~Durocher
ninepin's~jeu de quilles
typing's~frappe de
tightener~raidisseur
motorise~motorise
buncoing~buncoing
squire's~squire
swaying~balancement
Marathon~Marathon
guaranties~guaranties
Shavian's~de de Shaw
forum~forum
subliming~sublimant
gunwale~gunwale
Alana's~Alana de
refactored~refactorisée
weakfish~weakfish
Braille~Braille
flavors~flavors
alphas~alphas
splat~splat
prangs~prangs
summering~estivage
weaponless~désarmé
czarist's~czarist's
troopship~transport navire
workup~bilan
exhumation~exhumation
ostracising~ostraciser
slaphappy~slaphappy
patronage's~patronage de
tomb~tombeau
terapixels~terapixels
swelter~suer à grosses gouttes
Ford~Gué
summation~addition
externals~externals
monist~moniste
munchkin~munchkin
oboist's~hautboïste de
anticoagulant~anticoagulant
interlocutors~interlocuteurs
quietus~coup de grâce
definitive~definitive
collaborated~collaboré
canal~canal
plumbed~plumbed
ravioli~Ravioli
Pantagruel~Pantagruel
anticipating~anticipant
crematory's~crematory's
Pennzoil~Pennzoil
ligated~ligaturé
chessman~pièce
shirking~dérober
impounding~remisage
Mercia's~Mercie de
glorifying~glorifying
disunion~disunion
handfuls~handfuls
defalcation~defalcation
mystification~mystification
resister's~de resister
minimum's~minimum de
Ilene's~Ilene de
slicking~lissant
caustic~caustique
largos~largos
manta's~manta de
sunshades~ombrelles
oversea~oversea
closefisted~closefisted
metathesis's~métathèse de
vocation's~vocation de
randomising~randomisant
Mai's~Maïs
steward's~délégué syndical de
receivership's~redressement judiciaire de
ebbs~ebbs
overstays~séjours prolongés
Genoa's~Gênes de
backrooms~antichambres
Rivas's~Années Rivas
epidemic~epidemic
Barlow~Barlow
eclair~eclair
municipally~municipal
moneybags~moneybags
smock's~sarrau de
distastes~distastes
restates~Réintroduit
Schumann~Schumann
hankering~hankering
scherzo~scherzo
matinee~matinée
braziers~braseros
callosities~callosités
freshwater's~freshwater's
Eucharists~eucharisties
Sunkist's~Sunkist de
repudiate~répudier
moistest~plus humide
Eisenhower~Eisenhower
Regor's~Regor de
crosshatched~crosshatched
trilling~trilles
outgrowth's~excroissance de
acrylic~acrylique
ambulating~ambulante
Mongolia~Mongolie
studded~clouté
dustbins~dustbins
terminological~terminologique
bonsai's~bonsaïs de
wretched~misérable
falsifier's~falsifier's
unification's~unification de
cpd~cpd
reconstructs~reconstruit
defiance~defiance
oxyacetylene~oxy acétylène
extrude~extrude
Okhotsk's~Okhotsk de
quorate~quorate
censoriously~censoriously
anthems~hymnes
artfulness's~de roublardise
supersonic~supersonique
nonflowering~sans fleurs
whiplash's~coup du lapin de
balladeers~balladeers
Twinkies~Twinkies
rhapsodise~rhapsodise
Comte~Comte
functionalist~functionalist
semiprivate~semi-privé
limpness~mollesse
erring~erring
drogue's~drogue's
VF~VF
presser~presseur
birthrate's~taux de natalité
enthral~enthral
concentrically~concentriquement
Adirondack's~Adirondack de
bussing's~de bussing
regalement~regalement
stockpile~stocker
compendious~concis
stainless's~inox de
clarifying~clarifier
regiment's~régiment de
glinting~glinting
spatial~spatial
hardest~hardest
reliever~releveur
housemaid~femme de chambre
tire~pneu
remarriage's~de remariage
institutionalise~institutionnaliser
defilement's~defilement's
carroty~carotte
biodegradable~biodégradable
defibrillation~defibrillation
downdrafts~downdrafts
wiretapping~les écoutes téléphoniques
controller's~controller's
Nipponese's~Années nipponnes
bonked~bonked
Bessie's~Bessie
hallow~hallow
wavelength~longueur d'ondes
Lila's~Lila
superlatives~superlatifs
cloture~cloture
Esther's~Esther
contempt~contempt
topmost~le plus haut
icicles~glaçons
brilliance~éclat
linguistically~linguistiquement
trellised~palissées
cavorted~cabrioles
lukewarm~tiède
goalkeeping~goalkeeping
truer~plus vrai
Rochambeau~Rochambeau
blogging~blogging
refutation~réfutation
brokers~courtiers
blouse~chemisier
unprejudiced~impartial
hitchhiker's~auto-stoppeur
twinning~jumelage
fez~fez
mordantly~mordante
Krystal's~Krystal de
culotte~culotte
prejudices~les préjugés
exploring~exploring
tiding~Tiding
smokiness~smokiness
staidly~posément
salami~salami
asbestos~amiante
forenoons~forenoons
thrashed~rossé
flirtatiousness~flirtatiousness
discotheque~discotheque
rehiring~réembauche
remarked~remarqué
keynoters~orateurs principaux
tomfoolery~pitreries
encrypt~encrypt
Callao~Callao
farther~farther
hawk~faucon
reckonings~décomptes
undeceive~détromper
cozenage~cozenage
tummy~ventre
hundredfold~centuple
meddled~immiscé
codification's~codification de
Savior's~Sauveur
hypotenuses~hypoténuse
distressful~distressful
eureka~eureka
engagement~engagement
Monera~Monera
helmets~casques
Anaheim's~Anaheim de
Dirichlet's~Dirichlet
looniest~looniest
nucleate~nucléée
fought~fought
pah~pah
excrete~excrete
prophecy~prophétie
attendant~préposé
backcombing~crêpage
Rae's~Rae
Albanians~Albanais
Duane~Duane
necktie~cravate
rescues~sauvetages
garb~garb
nelsons~Nelsons
schmoozers~schmoozers
frictional~frictional
Rh~Rh
digitisation~digitisation
chagrins~chagrins
advertorial's~de publireportages
inks~encres
privileging~privilégier
backbiter~médisant
northerner's~de northerner
musings~songeries
consultations~consultations
hustler~prostituée
yawner's~yawner de
assorting~assortissant
appurtenances~accessoires
enlargement's~enlargement's
halve~halve
sleepwalked~somnambule
Karamazov's~Karamazov
crappy~crappy
plops~plops
nosediving~nosediving
diggings~diggings
skyrockets~skyrockets
Anatole~Anatole
deputation's~deputation's
tabulates~sous forme de tableaux
falcon~falcon
equestrianism's~equestrianism's
Pyongyang's~Pyongyang de
hoodlum~voyou
dishwater~dishwater
goofier~goofier
feldspar's~feldspar's
density's~density's
is~est
pastry~Pâtisserie
class's~classe de
deliverer~deliverer
plank's~planche de
nonperson~non-personne
Francisca~Francisca
gumdrops~gumdrops
kosher~kascher
shambles~pagaille
overthrow's~renversement de
puritanically~puritain
Thebes~Thèbes
heavenward~ciel
spool~bobine
Cameron~Cameron
origin~origine
glenoid~glenoid
liquidators~liquidateurs
rectal~rectal
villus's~Années villosités
nagged~agacé
welterweight~welters
cockatoos~cacatoès
Saddam's~Saddam
grams~grams
byplay's~de byplay
limeys~limeys
discolours~discolours
dictatorships~dictatorships
doomed~doomed
handcart~handcart
purr~ronronner
Procrustean~de Procruste
actively~activement
commit~commettre
adulterous~adultère
hypertext~hypertexte
banded~bagués
beguiling~enjôleur
venation~venation
flower's~flower's
Syracuse~Syracuse
leapt~bondissait
lampoons~libelles
petulantly~pétulance
dust~dust
Victoria's~de Victoria
trail's~les sentiers
OKing~OKing
lowboy~lowboy
sprat's~sprat de
stalwart's~Stalwart de
swindlers~filous
Bright's~est lumineux
passively~passivement
unavailability's~indisponibilité de
fumblers~fumblers
jacks~prises
foredooming~foredooming
Knuth's~Knuth de
empathetic~empathetic
native~originaire de
mica's~mica de
deskills~deskills
presage~présage
anthropoid's~Années anthropoïdes
Connemara's~Connemara de
daredevil~daredevil
uselessness's~de l'inutilité
antique's~antique de
zesty~acidulé
photocopier's~photocopieuse de
numerator~numérateur
chantey's~chantey de
eagle's~eagle's
caseloads~le nombre de cas
damask's~damask's
thou~tu
redistrict~soumettre à un redécoupage administratif
Burgess's~Burgess de
appraising~l'évaluation
historian's~historien de
sublimate~sublimé
rubbing~frottement
tuneups~TuneUps
threesomes~triolisme
abbreviation's~abréviations
dandier~dandier
serest~serest
avitaminosis's~avitaminose de
patchouli~patchouli
deescalation's~deescalation's
armadas~armadas
platooning~platooning
Constance~Constance
maddens~Maddens
cripes~cripes
hares~hares
cookers~cookers
FICA~FICA
lubing~lubing
eludes~eludes
coastal~côtier
recontaminate~recontamination
cellophane~cellophane
skulking~rôdeuse
apocrypha~apocryphes
digestions~digestions
expedient~expedient
loping~loping
recovery~récupération
polysemous~polysémique
sours~Sours
cambial~cambial
chiming~tintement
dorkier~dorkier
ballcocks~robinet à flotteur
Cryptozoic's~Cryptozoic de
giddiness~giddiness
subset~sous-ensemble
morph~morph
specialism~spécialisme
Elmo~Elmo
artiness~artiness
consul's~consul's
Lilly~Lilly
indestructible~indestructible
gallant~gallant
ritziest~ritziest
flogged~flogged
underling~subalterne
decanted~decanted
nondeductible~non-déductible
blockage's~blocage de
scriptwriters~scénaristes
Turing's~turing
Luxembourger~luxembourgeoise
stable's~écurie
cleavage~clivage
abomination~abomination
delimit~delimit
catechised~catéchisé
stepper~pas à pas
delays~delays
eutectic~eutectic
publisher's~éditeur de
surgeon~chirurgien
redundancy~redondance
lid~couvercle
exception's~exception's
gamekeeper's~gamekeeper's
undissolved~non dissous
briefings~briefings
elderberries~elderberries
proprietorial~possessif
grindings~grindings
candlelight's~bougie de
Abbas's~Abbas de
relabel~réétiqueter
Britisher's~britisher de
druthers's~druthers's
Blucher's~Blucher de
glistening~glistening
finely~finely
predetermined~prédéterminé
repulsed~repoussait
beaver's~castor de
fluoridates~fluoridates
cockle's~Années saponaire
nattering~flatteuse
toerag~toerag
procedure~procédure
cucumber~cucumber
comrades~camarades
Hubbard~Hubbard
Pythias~Pythias
editorial~editorial
bowl's~boules
silicate~silicate
humanity's~de l'humanité
unitedly~unitedly
vile~vil
reappoint~renommer
heavyset~corpulente
bellboys~grooms
unassisted~sans aide
winch's~treuil de
healthier~plus sain
exposure's~exposure's
beefcake~beefcake
uveitis~uvéite
rely~compter
fertilising~fertilising
wristband's~Années Wristband
overlapping~chevauchement
dateless~dateless
exabyte's~exabyte's
Bernardo~Bernardo
recapitalises~recapitalise
seaborne~par voie maritime
effaced~effaced
fettuccine's~fettuccine's
Grus~Grus
day's~day's
convalesces~convalesces
burned~brûlé
jailbreak~évasion de prison
doters~doters
cribbers~cribbers
angling's~pêche à la ligne de
roasted~rôti
vulnerabilities~vulnérabilités
cadaver~cadavre
torturous~tortueuse
lazily~paresseusement
downhill's~downhill's
widescreen's~écran large années
Peggy's~Peggy
escalloping~escalloping
exculpating~exculpating
Pynchon's~Pynchon de
unsnarled~unsnarled
odourless~inodore
awarding~attribution
Edmonton's~EDMONTON
Rocky's~Rocky de
Wesson~Wesson
fussbudget's~fussbudget's
boar's~sanglier de
dairymaid~dairymaid
Andorra's~ANDORRE
Acuff~Acuff
caching~la mise en cache
inflammation's~inflammation de
Igor's~d'Igor
closeted~closeted
Scriabin's~Scriabine
maracas~maracas
visual's~de visuels
travels~voyages
crash's~crash's
diploid~diploid
tobogganer~tobogganer
Adventists~adventistes
hangup~hangup
heretical~hérétique
inconceivably~inconcevablement
nonfactual~nonfactual
Franck~Franck
whitehead~whitehead
lyrebird~lyrebird
capo's~capo de
liberalised~libéralisé
sledders~sledders
Pansy's~Pansy
haematologists~haematologists
mistreatment's~mauvais traitements de
indictments~actes d'accusation
Ut~Utah
motherlands~patries
laptop's~ordinateur portable de
gerbil's~gerbil's
aloofness~réserve
sentimentalising~sentimentalising
acrimoniously~acrimonie
Sephardi's~séfarade de
forelocks~forelocks
crevice~crevice
objurgated~objurgated
nonobservance's~inobservance de
DDT~DDT
bootlegging's~de bootlegging
mushrooms~champignons
hallmarked~hallmarked
endeared~endeared
illusionist~illusionniste
scrofula~scrofule
hatchways~écoutilles
celebrators~celebrators
transitiveness's~transitivité de
restocked~réapprovisionné
LP~LP
Draco~Draco
pyloric~pylore
hesitating~hésitant
overtures~ouvertures
cleans~nettoie
pane's~volet de
reverence's~le respect de
nugget~pépite
Dewitt~Dewitt
overhauling~remise en état
cognomen's~Années Cognomen
dab~dab
Euphrates~Euphrate
cellulars~cellulars
complexities~complexité
ashtray~cendrier
abridgement's~de abrègement
swivelling~tournant
wights~nécrophages
peeled~pelées
eternally~eternally
embarked~embarked
grisly~grisly
mochas~mochas
ID's~Les ID
Chippewa's~Chippewa de
unforgettably~unforgettably
refinement's~raffinement de
bailiff~huissier
brown's~brown
herbalist's~de herboriste
druids~druids
blister~cloque
inattentively~distraitement
bowl~bol
prattled~bavardait
boron's~bore de
Hormel~Hormel
returnees~rapatriés
cellar's~cave de
sunroof~toit ouvrant
gyps~gyps
mumble's~Mumble de
espionage~espionage
Cowper~Cowper
Reading's~La lecture de
ubiquity's~l'ubiquité de
armouries~armureries
greenfield~greenfield
discrepancy~discrepancy
Geo's~Geo de
abdomens~abdomens
hairs~hairs
Douro~Douro
attenuates~atténue
shittiest~shittiest
scratchily~scratchily
tither~tither
peripatetics~péripatéticiens
daffy~daffy
militias~milices
Gomez~Gomez
warehouse's~de l'entrepôt
Chadwick's~Chadwick de
raggedy~loques
yellower~yellower
armourers~armuriers
Exocet's~Exocet de
aspirin's~l'aspirine de
Hanukkah's~Hanoukka de
lusted~Lusted
sting~piquer
doctorates~doctorates
inning's~de tour de batte
Celina~Celina
stimulant's~stimulant de
certified~agréé
toppings~garnitures
viscose's~viscose de
succotash~Succotash
bellyached~bellyached
cherubim~chérubin
doyennes~doyennes
bastion's~bastion de
computation's~calcul de
vaccination's~de vaccination
denotative~denotative
bureau's~bureau de
preferment's~preferment de
bullpens~bullpens
grandams~grandams
Redmond's~Redmond de
supergrass~Supergrass
firebrick~firebrick
creative~creative
luxuriation~luxuriation
savagery~sauvagerie
boxcar's~boxcar de
conciliatory~conciliatoire
colonising~colonisant
platitude~platitude
health~santé
urticaria~urticaire
Dwayne~Dwayne
decoupaging~decoupaging
quoited~quoited
pancreas's~années pancréas
method's~méthode de
Botticelli~botticelli
bast~raphia
titivation~bichonnage
Dvorak's~Dvorak
utterance's~énoncé de
bulletproofing~pare-balles
undercoat~couche
contraindicates~contraindicates
bra's~bras
Idahos~Idahos
AB~UN B
mirthless~sans joie
profiteroles~Profiteroles
lucre's~lucre de
decimalisation~decimalisation
animosity~animosité
homely~simple
midgets~midgets
bloodstains~taches de sang
Lelia's~Lelia de
southward~vers le sud
unflappable~imperturbable
taciturnity's~de taciturnity
splurging~splurging
iambic's~iambiques de
dissoluteness's~dissoluteness's
shtick~shtick
red's~rouge de
medication's~médicaments de
Alcindor~Alcindor
moroseness~morosité
flirt's~flirt's
vigilantes~vigiles
livability's~de l'habitabilité
damnedest~damnedest
winds~les vents
Timur's~Tamerlan
week~la semaine
briskets~Briskets
toadstool~champignon vénéneux
fictitious~fictitious
forestry's~forestry's
displeasing~displeasing
APC~APC
Troy's~Troy de
idolater's~idolâtre de
muslin~mousseline
faddishness~faddishness
catnapped~catnapped
coyote's~coyote's
noxious~nuisible
antimony's~antimoine de
driftnets~driftnets
endowing~endowing
statistician~statisticien
archetype's~archétype de
overrode~l'emportait sur
sensibleness~sensibleness
chief's~chef de
promotion's~la promotion de
ghettoises~ghettoises
leveraging~levier financier
Maupassant~Maupassant
emaciated~emaciated
scads~Comètes
disseminated~disseminated
duration's~duration's
alibis~alibis
depends~depends
appreciation's~appréciation de
plump's~dodus de
amphorae~amphores
atrium's~atrium de
pH~pH
publishing's~l'édition de
nightshade~morelle noire
shortness's~brièveté de
impressionistic~impressionniste
cottagers~cottagers
twos~twos
ungraded~ungraded
speedometer~compteur de vitesse
extramural~extramural
effortless~effortless
pinning~épinglant
minefields~champs de mines
Ba~Ba
Mars~Mars
calliope~calliope
redundantly~redondante
resubmitting~resoumettre
sighs~soupirs
Cascades~Cascades
brazier's~brasero de
maturating~maturating
springboks~springboks
Bean~Haricot
breweries~brasseries
fairest~fairest
rehearsal's~répétition de
suit's~costume
ballgame's~jeux de ballon
Portia~Portia
Polish's~pOLONAISE
wordiness~verbosité
haemophilia's~haemophilia's
grenade~grenade
Shelby~Shelby
algorithm's~L'algorithme de
panama~Panama
slingshots~frondes
quicksilver~mercure
cadavers~cadavres
tapestry's~tapisserie années
Izod's~Izod de
conveyor~conveyor
ceramist's~de céramiste
oh~Oh
stupefied~médusé
fudging~fudging
LLB~LLB
Dorcas's~Dorcas de
defiler~defiler
autosuggestion~autosuggestion
undermined~minée
fantail's~fantail's
queer's~étrange de
quitting~en quittant
crossings~crossings
disrespectful~disrespectful
Reebok's~Reebok
daughterly~daughterly
carillon~carillon
demijohn's~demijohn's
mudflat's~de vasières
Fez's~Années Fès
clonk~clonk
warmers~chauffe
prurience~lubricité
Rickover's~Rickover de
Lanzhou's~Lanzhou de
nuke's~armes nucléaires
unworthiness~indignité
transportation~transport
McKenzie~McKenzie
bacteriological~bactériologique
Scandinavia~Scandinavie
temerity's~de témérité
shinier~lustrés
fairly~fairly
skinheads~skinhead
ovulation~ovulation
sterilisers~stérilisateurs
lucid~lucide
chilli~Chili
stake~pieu
CO's~CO de
pithiness's~pithiness de
whatshername~quel est son nom
Northerner's~Northerner de
lymphomas~lymphomes
misquotes~citations inexactes
disregard's~disregard's
Kimberley's~Kimberley de
nonnegotiable~non négociable
appetites~appétits
chateaux~châteaux
Coors~Coors
ateliers~Ateliers
Zoroastrian~Zoroastrien
squirrel~écureuil
exuberance's~exuberance's
payouts~paiements
loosening~détachement
unluckiness~unluckiness
overdone~exagéré
forecasting~forecasting
Koch's~Koch
Ayurveda~Ayurveda
firebox's~firebox's
whippoorwill's~engoulevent de
hiccuping~hoquet
cooking's~cooking's
Zimbabwean's~Zimbabwe de
dilapidated~dilapidated
jeez~Jeez
earning~earning
narcosis~narcose
discovered~discovered
grouser~grouser
stalker's~harceleur de
prohibited~interdit
capitalises~capitalise
forecasts~forecasts
Will~Volonté
trappings~ornements
reds~rouges
schoolmaster~instituteur
soybean's~le soja de
extravaganzas~extravaganzas
pep's~de pep
siphoned~siphonné
conversation's~conversation's
filtrate~filtrate
charade~charade
thunders~tonnerres
racehorse~cheval de course
loon~plongeon
Schumpeter~Schumpeter
sashays~sashays
monocles~monocles
excited~excited
Presbyterians~presbytériens
landscaping~aménagement paysager
asphyxiating~asphyxiant
who're~putain
southpaws~southpaws
occidentals~occidentals
bike's~vélos
neutrality's~la neutralité de
nondrinkers~nondrinkers
stanching~étanchant
nutritional~nutritionnelle
heptathlon~heptathlon
Halon~halon
macroeconomics's~Années Macroéconomie
diapasons~diapasons
pothering~pothering
Clouseau's~Clouseau de
Spenglerian~spenglérien
galoot~galoot
protracted~prolongé
impugn~attaquer
hail~hail
tattooing~tatouage
murkily~murkily
override's~override de
tactlessness's~indélicatesse de
Gonzalo~Gonzalo
perceivable~percevable
basset~basset
ailerons~ailerons
cried~cried
recovered~rétabli
timescale~échelle de temps
embassy~embassy
kilt~kilt
wobbling~vacillement
rued~rued
cycle's~cycle's
shortlist~liste
purely~purement
crispbread~crispbread
midshipmen~midshipmen
godparents~godparents
therefor~à cet effet
Flora~Flore
disbanding~disbanding
flicker~flicker
skittishness's~frilosité de
militarising~militarisation
sunroofs~ouvrants
swallowing~avalement
reconnecting~rebranchement
fecund~fecund
pussyfooting~tergiversations
emergence's~emergence's
Kasey's~Kasey de
achievable~réalisable
complaining~plainte
Huffman's~Huffman de
disrespect's~disrespect's
inputs~contributions
Gap~Écart
groundhog~groundhog
Jerald's~Jerald de
Leninism's~léninisme de
baptists~baptistes
Dali~Dali
duress's~duress's
fruitfully~fruitfully
temptingly~temptingly
educes~educes
wetter~plus humide
shawls~châles
horselaugh~gros rire
shoulder's~épaules
bait~appât
campanology's~de campanaire
Melissa~Mélisse
occult~occulte
felled~felled
linnet~linotte
maxilla~maxillaires
wanders~vagabonde
buyer's~ACHETEUR
brogues~brogues
Gandhian's~de Ghandi
Negev's~Années Néguev
hospitably~hospitalièrement
aspersion~aspersion
womanliest~womanliest
crosswinds~crosswinds
enabled~enabled
micromanage~microgestion
sacrifices~sacrifices
reals~reals
thwacks~thwacks
angrier~plus en colère
perceptive~perspicace
crap~crap
sag~affaissement
hitchhikes~autostop
petcock~petcock
rides~manèges
Darrow's~Darrow de
unleashed~déchaîné
Lucia~Lucia
mayonnaise~Mayonnaise
scepticism~scepticisme
activate~Activer
exhibition~exhibition
brainwash~lavage de cerveau
cants~équarris
Ala~Ala
Jayson~Jayson
schematically~schématiquement
ichthyologists~ichtyologues
Truth~Vérité
oppositions~oppositions
shelving's~de rayonnage
served~servi
blowy~venteux
celesta~célesta
asphalt's~asphalte de
rasped~râpée
schmo's~schmo de
snob's~snob années
loathing~répugnance
invigilating~invigilating
faithfully~faithfully
constitution~Constitution
Audra~Audra
schillings~schillings
detox's~detox's
revilement~revilement
wildest~les plus fous
walker's~Walker
conjunctiva's~conjonctives de
glamoured~glamoured
unfairness~injustice
Browning~Browning
Oceania's~Années Océanie
sanction's~les sanctions
stroked~caressait
nonreligious~non religieux
hangnail~hangnail
microcomputer's~micro-ordinateur de
amanuenses~copistes
loafing~fainéantise
Pisces~Poissons
locavore~locavore
accreditation~accréditation
effusing~effusing
scent~parfum
Cornwallis~Cornwallis
frankincense~frankincense
caff~caff
warily~avec méfiance
paraplegic~paraplégique
maypole~mât enrubanné
skive~sécher les cours
climatologist~climatologue
dereliction's~dereliction's
rant~diatribe
furriers~furriers
goths~goths
Mathis's~Mathis de
raga~raga
albino's~Années albinos
coltish~folâtre
deliciousness's~deliciousness's
imposer~imposeur
trolleybus~trolleybus
formality~formality
Salinas's~Salinas années
shelters~abris
immigrants~les immigrants
lanyard~cordon
Saab~Saab
accounts~comptes
relation's~rapports
exactness~exactness
quilted~matelassé
formed~formed
hens~les poules
serious~sérieux
cabled~câblé
hydrating~hydratantes
divisors~divisors
conservatoire~conservatoire
fleeter~fleeter
sublimity~sublimité
discontenting~discontenting
logons~logons
libido~libido
Lynne's~Lynne
domed~domed
tiling~carrelage
curvature~curvature
pizzas~pizzas
bangle~bracelet
Republican~Républicain
deletions~deletions
undersigned's~soussigné de
Thanh's~Thanh de
seriousness's~Le sérieux
boundlessness's~de infinitude
remounts~remontes
Athanasius~Athanasius
negativing~réfuter le
diner~diner
mapping~cartographie
Kublai~Kublai
garments~garments
Parks's~Parcs de
smooched~smooched
withers~garrot
slavishness~servilité
chinstrap's~mentonnière de
Godhead's~Divinité de
smartwatch's~SmartWatch de
infiltrator~agent infiltré
lordly~seigneurial
DOA~FAIT UNE
volunteerism~bénévolat
overstepping~outrepasser
manned~habité
magics~magies
Qatar's~du Qatar
falter~falter
rebuttal~réfutation
overgrowing~surcroissance
heartthrobs~heartthrobs
celibates~chastes
aspirate~aspirer
Brahmaputra's~Brahmapoutre de
misapplies~une mauvaise application
grandchildren~grandchildren
Iranian~iranien
bilk~blouser
Goa's~Goa de
Grampians's~de Grampians
monitors~moniteurs
carpeted~tapissée
vaulted~voûté
delinting~delinting
grandstanded~grandstanded
grower's~grower's
collectivises~collectivise
macrocosm's~de macrocosme
Elijah~Elie
magnate~magnat
Saxon~saxon
pixie~lutin
genealogical~genealogical
skydiver~parachutiste
pullback's~pullback de
defective's~defective's
Rodolfo's~Rodolfo de
raced~couru
theatricals~theatricals
distal~distal
renominated~sont présentés à nouveau
rabbinate's~rabbinat de
caters~Caters
clinger~clinger
neurotic's~de névrotiques
quarto's~quarto de
vegetable's~des légumes
hydroponically~hydroponique
presbytery's~presbytère de
caves~grottes
lvii~lVII
foolhardier~foolhardier
scuttling~saborder
smears~frottis
stuccoed~stuqué
grandnephew~grandnephew
crabbiness's~crabbiness's
ideologue's~idéologue de
truthful~véridique
baldric~baldric
Leninism~léninisme
congregationalists~congrégationalistes
madding~madding
undisciplined~indiscipliné
phylum~phylum
stare~regard
Shi'ite's~de chiites
incompetent's~de l'incompétence
Roxy~Roxy
obliteration~oblitération
foursquare~foursquare
mashers~pilons
Kama~Kama
adjournments~ajournements
loosened~desserrée
whistle's~arbitre siffle
direr~direr
embellished~embellished
ceded~cédé
captors~geôliers
conspiratorial~conspirateur
pronounce~prononcer
demonology~demonology
verger~bedeau
stigmas~stigmas
stolon~stolon
inboard~intérieur
doleful~doleful
segmented~segmenté
Kaifeng~Kaifeng
overhearing~Howlzworth
bloodstream's~circulation sanguine de
cowman's~cowman's
dreamworld's~dreamworld's
sheepfold~bergerie
vivarium's~de vivarium
celestially~celestially
debt's~debt's
polish~polonais
mammoth~mammouth
crunchy~crunchy
circumcisions~circoncisions
bobbysoxer~minette
stalagmite~stalagmite
caricaturing~caricaturer
dangerous~dangerous
galvanises~galvanises
spire's~spire de
Drudge's~Drudge de
hypermarket~Hypermarché
soldiered~soldiered
unabashedly~sans vergogne
rappelling~descente en rappel
evaporates~evaporates
clifftop~clifftop
Saturn's~Saturne
redlining's~de redlining
lynched~lynché
mismatch~décalage
linden~tilleul
festoon's~festoon's
Dracula~Dracula
endue~endue
patrimony~patrimoine
maser's~maser de
extreme~extreme
Marx~Marx
navigation's~la navigation de
mullein~mullein
pollutants~polluants
compatriot's~compatriote de
immediateness's~immédiateté de
wheedled~wheedled
ball's~des balles
swellhead~swellhead
farting~farting
change's~changements
vanishings~vanishings
celebrity~célébrité
schilling~schilling
regimental~régimentaire
guru~guru
colourfast~grand teint
shorebird~shorebird
flareup~flareup
omnipotence~omnipotence
perfectionists~perfectionnistes
Judah~Juda
catgut~catgut
braked~freinés
travail's~travail de
Sigismund~Sigismond
preamble~préambule
Baylor~Baylor
Euler~Euler
earnestly~earnestly
unnamed~anonyme
revenues~chiffre d'affaires
mauls~moleste
Timothy~Timothée
goodhearted~goodhearted
nothing~rien
overuse's~de l'utilisation excessive
soapiest~soapiest
shortcut's~raccourci de
tackler~plaqueur
pimiento's~Pimiento de
Armstrong's~Armstrong
wispy~vaporeux
bunted~cariés
federating~federating
inconsideration~en considération
centrepiece's~pièce maîtresse de
xcii~xcii
OR~OU
dilly's~dilly's
Snoopy~Snoopy
originating~origine
sunspot~sunspot
distillations~distillations
Dianne's~Dianne de
aphasic's~de aphasiques
souvenir~souvenir
contemporaries~contemporaries
Alabama~Alabama
braes~braes
discommoding~discommoding
disbarred~disbarred
Brahmaputra~Brahmapoutre
happiness's~happiness's
stinger's~Stinger de
dims~dims
lorgnettes~lorgnettes
stir~remuer
clangour's~clangour de
threes~threes
symposiums~symposiums
dismaying~dismaying
pregames~pregames
naturalises~naturalise
Songhai's~Songhaï de
frightfulness's~frightfulness's
tatterdemalion~épouvantail
microgrooves~microsillons
conceptualises~conceptualise
populace~populace
spree's~frénésie de
popes~papes
styling~coiffant
kvetcher~kvetcher
catching~contagieux
snappishness's~snappishness de
boring~ennuyeuse
biennials~biennales
isolation~isolement
shady~ombragé
cubit~cubit
causation's~causalité de
appreciations~appréciations
oppressors~oppresseurs
champs~Champs
inebriated~en état d'ébriété
brokerages~les maisons de courtage
oestrus's~oestrus de
acts~actes
upstage~fond de la scène
Cellini~Cellini
signorina~Signorina
lawfulness~régularité
Tipperary's~Tipperary de
palaeolithic~paléolithique
boomer~baby-boom
nebulae~nébuleuses
flitted~flitted
truelove's~Truelove de
prayed~prié
spam~Spam
unshapely~sans forme
mammon~mammon
evolving~evolving
cake~gâteau
cleric~religieux
label~étiquette
Leipzig's~Leipzig de
nexus's~lien de
hilliness~hilliness
pumices~ponces
counteroffer~counteroffer
shrilled~glapit
marigold's~Marigold de
aliyah~Aliyah
milfs~milfs
reallocated~réaffectés
Labradorean~Labradorean
houseful's~houseful de
brunette's~brune de
Serb~serbe
downspout's~downspout's
principality~principauté
fisherman's~fisherman's
spiderwebs~toiles d'araignée
pyromaniac~pyromane
pixies~pixies
apply~appliquer
iambs~iambes
toolmakers~outilleurs
sweepings's~Années balayures
DP~DP
roomette's~de chambrette
Oates~Oates
polyester~polyester
bedstead~châlit
waterbird~oiseau d'eau
fireball~fireball
committal~incarcération
subbranch~subbranch
Maillol~Maillol
rangefinder~télémètre
rawboned~efflanqué
songbird's~oiseau chanteur de
Deena's~Deena de
OSHA's~OSHA
climaxes~climax
choirmaster~choirmaster
choral's~chorale de
firearms~firearms
fakir's~fakir's
whitetails~whitetails
pocketknife~couteau de poche
Lichtenstein's~Lichtenstein de
wooer's~soupirant de
entrancement~entrancement
freeholders~freeholders
finks~finks
donkey~donkey
enshrines~enshrines
cavers~spéléos
mobility's~la mobilité de
haggises~haggises
pate's~pâté de
homeopathic~homéopathique
spikiest~spikiest
excretion~excretion
schoolmate~camarade de classe
Alcmena~Alcmène
loamy~riche en terreau
NF~NF
diminution's~diminution's
Mercado's~Mercado de
positrons~positrons
Hartford's~Hartford de
linnets~linottes
Guatemalan~guatémaltèque
worming~vermifuges
divide~divide
reducible~réductible
yobs~loubards
plash~clapotis
amplified~amplifié
colloquies~colloques
pinches~pincements
tern~sterne
millstream's~Millstream de
agriculturalists~agriculteurs
Bettie~Bettie
jackbooted~bottés
worktable's~de table de travail
Porsche's~Porsche
vol~vol
lab's~laboratoire de
chaperoning~chaperonner
considered~pris en considération
Rosenberg's~Rosenberg
unfixes~unfixes
sophisticating~sophistiquer
fresh~fresh
Kamchatka~Kamchatka
vouched~attestées
midfielders~milieux de terrain
dona~dona
Mandarin~mandarin
suppressing~la suppression
Villarreal's~Villarreal de
bondsman's~Années serf
rime's~de rimer
yammerer's~yammerer de
gallbladder's~gallbladder's
blase~blasé
noblewomen~femmes nobles
catch~capture
radio~radio
Slurpee's~slurpee de
nonce's~nonce de
disembodied~disembodied
peroxide's~peroxyde années
maladroitness's~maladresses de
adoringly~adoringly
contiguity~contiguity
highwayman~voleur de grands chemins
undergo~subir
profitably~avec profit
waylayer~waylayer
cowling~cowling
garnering~garnering
hierarchy~hiérarchie
Antilles~Antilles
independent~indépendant
tout~vanter
rocketry's~fuséologie de
repressing~répresseur
millennium~millénaire
pedigree's~pédigrée de
importunate~importun
else~else
slopped~slopped
habituate~habituate
sound's~des sons
Imodium's~de Imodium
Chaitanya~Chaitanya
clavier's~Clavecin de
telegenic~télégénique
changeovers~changements de
socialise~socialiser
extrapolate~extrapolate
unlikeness~dissemblance
Merriam's~Merriam de
recession's~récession de
gringo~gringo
EDP's~EDP ​​de
Sensurround~Sensurround
comaker's~comaker de
fulcrum~fulcrum
braces~bretelles
unlovely~unlovely
exurbia~exurbia
matricide~matricide
Delaware~Delaware
misgoverned~mal gouverné
exacerbation's~exacerbation's
columbine~ancolie
Berliners~Les Berlinois
extenuates~extenuates
ousters~Extros
fluorescing~fluorescing
manifold's~collecteur de
untouchable's~intouchables
legitimatising~légitimant
offends~offense
hoarders~accapareurs
ptomaines~ptomaïnes
squirt~jet
NAFTA~ALENA
BASIC's~BASIC de
defrocked~defrocked
flaccidly~flaccidly
farrows~farrows
lambkins~agneaux
Annie's~Annie
cliometrics~cliométrie
resurrected~ressuscité
irradiates~irradie
grogginess~grogginess
recantations~rétractations
daydreamers~daydreamers
tolling~tintement
extrapolating~extrapolating
Ottoman~ottoman
Gabon's~Gabon de
polonaises~Polonaises
slothful~paresseux
gesticulates~gesticulates
impishness's~de espièglerie
gradable~gradable
fleabags~fleabags
dissociating~dissociating
bloodthirsty~sanguinaire
passage~passage
longhair's~Longhair de
infiltrate~infiltrer
dignify~dignify
satsumas~satsumas
tippets~pèlerines
insufficiency's~l'insuffisance de
Chicano's~Chicano de
max~max
es~es
particular~particulier
Malaprop~Malaprop
elides~elides
incriminated~mis en cause
feathery~feathery
tinder~tinder
sidebar~barre latérale
prisoner's~les prisonniers
jeopardise~compromettre
Lucite's~Années lucite
sententiously~sentencieusement
mils~mils
stormed~ont pris d'assaut
guessed~guessed
unblocking~déblocage
specialises~se spécialise
sketcher~Sketcher
wadi~oued
fritz's~fritz's
Douay's~Douay de
Gwen~Gwen
Fr~Fr
snappily~snappily
impromptu~impromptu
Eeyore's~Bourriquet de
presuppose~présupposer
outpatient's~consultations externes de
denude~denude
biochemistry's~de biochimie
golden~golden
southeaster's~de vent du sud-est
census's~du recensement
draughtboard~draughtboard
stork's~cigogne de
expressway's~expressway's
tared~taré
ferric~ferric
countersinking~countersinking
postcard~carte postale
fumigants~fumigants
Faust's~Faust
sauces~sauces
Mahican~Mahican
plush~peluche
Rosendo~Rosendo
sown~semé
Kerry~Kerry
daughter's~daughter's
glamour's~glamour's
ads~les publicités
grotesques~grotesques
vertebrates~vertébrés
orgasm's~Années orgasme
buttered~beurré
unlearn~désapprendre
collage~collage
casters~roulettes
Afghan~afghan
lateraling~lateraling
editorialises~editorialises
patroniser~patroniser
appetising~appétissant
guarantor's~guarantor's
palpitated~palpitait
reincarnation~réincarnation
Ziggy's~Ziggy de
newsroom's~Salle de presse
probings~probings
zydeco~zydeco
nearly~presque
unfairest~plus injuste
consorting~consorting
soviets~soviets
wainwright's~wainwright de
listlessly~distraitement
brickie~brickie
banishing~bannissant
commendably~louablement
conducive~propice
Hugh~Hugh
historiographer~historiographe
etiolated~etiolated
catacomb's~Années catacombe
acerbically~acerbe
criteria~criteria
potshot's~de potshot
tragicomic~tragi-comique
overblown~ampoulé
Kirk~Église
Agassi~Agassi
Martel's~Martel de
scooping~écope
nebula~nébuleuse
NATO's~L'OTAN
tallier's~Tallier de
portcullis~herse
bubble's~bulles
peeping~voyeurisme
alloy~alliage
Pitcairn's~Pitcairn de
minutest~minutest
aspirates~aspirées
Garvey's~Garvey
button~bouton
slither's~Slither de
hoarseness~enrouement
imitating~imitant
Vaseline's~vaseline de
herpetology's~de herpétologie
comforted~réconforté
pizzicato~pizzicato
peddled~colportée
cornball~cornball
scorer's~buteur
peremptory~péremptoire
Cleopatra~Cléopâtre
contradiction~contradiction
wavelet's~ondelette de
menace's~menace de
sagas~sagas
wailer's~wailer de
bubo's~bubon de
kinswoman~parente
Geritol's~Geritol de
unheard~non entendu
typhus~typhus
EEO~EAE
exfoliated~exfoliated
demotivated~demotivated
sprung~à ressort
persnickety~persnickety
nucleoside~nucléosidique
carnelian~cornaline
Daguerre~daguerre
farrier's~farrier's
mirthfully~mirthfully
missed~manqué
deafeningly~deafeningly
shipowners~armateurs
dotcom's~dotcom's
weapon~arme
Fujiwara~Fujiwara
khaki's~kakis de
conventionality~conventionality
telecaster's~Telecaster
odium~haine
assenting~acquiescer
brakeman's~de freineur
Sabine's~Sabine
bigots~bigots
feta~feta
assemblymen~assemblymen
duskiness~duskiness
Antonio~Antonio
coursing~coursing
beatification~béatification
Getty~Getty
Citigroup~Citigroup
disembark~disembark
klutz's~Klutz de
graduating~graduating
administrates~Administre
slut's~salope de
appendix~annexe
redivided~redivisé
slain~tué
inspect~inspecter
segregation's~ségrégation de
powdery~poudreux
haphazard~haphazard
XL~XL
Leigh's~Leigh
manuscript's~manuscrit de
Cree~Cris
hundredweight's~de quintaux
schism~schisme
fantails~fantails
cubit's~cubit's
stakeout's~stakeout de
rhetoric~rhétorique
entrenched~entrenched
lengthen~allonger
WSW's~WSW de
screeches~crisse
FORTRAN's~FORTRAN de
Luger~Luger
cliquishness's~de l'esprit de chapelle
horn's~cornes
charterer~affréteurs
tradings~tradings
Beeton~Beeton
strobe's~stroboscope de
refrigerants~réfrigérants
freethinker's~freethinker's
sentence's~Phrases
Formosan's~Formose de
lynx's~lynx de
damselfly~damselfly
vicissitude's~vicissitudes
patter~crépiter
boulder's~Boulder
dalliances~dalliances
fretsaw~fretsaw
beaded~perlé
shuttle~la navette
fact~fact
vampires~vampires
chunkiest~chunkiest
southeastern~du sud-est
brake's~frein de
cellphones~téléphones portables
buckling~flambage
reason~raison
bumptiously~bumptiously
Donaldson's~Donaldson
reposeful~reposeful
cirque's~de cirque
resuscitation~réanimation
pastors~pasteurs
lunch~le déjeuner
kisses~baisers
tonguing~tonguing
potability's~de potabilité
whited~whited
Heriberto's~Heriberto de
meditating~méditer
Woodward's~Woodward
foolery's~foolery's
freighter's~freighter's
antiseptics~antisepsie
burka's~burka de
nonyielding~nonyielding
indulgences~indulgences
caribou~caribou
actualising~actualisant
statistician's~statisticienne de
Vasquez~Vasquez
celerity~célérité
axed~hache
openhearted~à cœur ouvert
wriggler's~de wriggler
gracing~gracing
geranium's~geranium's
valued~estimé
procedure's~procédures
handwoven~handwoven
Fm~Fm
glistered~glistered
comity's~de courtoisie internationale
Chad~Tchad
delusion~delusion
magma~magma
Sarto~Sarto
Fannie~fannie
grieved~grieved
probate~homologuer
blarney~boniment
slurping~siphonage
alphabetise~alphabétiser
gerontology~gerontology
gecko's~gecko's
hookahs~narguilés
sourness~acidité
Latisha's~latisha de
coarser~plus gros
antivirus~antivirus
tap's~robinet de
Wrangell's~wrangell de
entryways~entryways
Dropbox~Dropbox
Zoloft~Zoloft
embezzling~embezzling
Dennis~Dennis
subduing~Conquérant
Unicode's~UNICODE
Amway~Amway
Harrods's~Années Harrods
crossness~crossness
boozed~Boozed
gauntlet's~gauntlet's
await~attendre
spinet~épinette
Bulgar's~Bulgar de
prudes~prudes
Burundian's~burundais de
prosecutor's~PROCUREUR
vacationer~vacancier
zestfully~zestfully
titivated~titivated
Clausewitz~Clausewitz
wienie's~wienie de
nonresident~non-résident
contraindicating~contraindicating
waterspout~trombe
snarks~snarks
cooties~cooties
pandemonium~chaos
upside~à l'envers
royalist~royaliste
spinner's~spinner de
psychiatric~psychiatrique
recitative's~de récitatif
railings~garde-corps
privileged~privilégié
havens~paradis
annalist~annaliste
commute's~trajet de
donor's~donor's
barrow~brouette
Moluccas's~Années Moluques
burnish~polir
bluenoses~bluenoses
inquests~enquêtes judiciaires
colliers~charbonniers
ABC's~ABC
palatinate's~palatin de
African's~AFRICAINES
infield's~de champ intérieur
swaddle~emmailloter
McCartney~McCartney
marinates~marinades
gunboat's~gunboat's
broodmares~poulinières
elopement~elopement
electrode's~electrode's
sciatica's~de sciatiques
wearied~fatiguez
transsexual~transsexuel
unchain~déchaîner
sung~chanté
explanation~explanation
adenoidal~adénoïdes
resections~résections
stolon's~stolons de
incapably~incapably
cathodic~cathodique
skid's~dérapage de
Anatole's~Anatole
schematic's~schématique de
shampooed~shampooed
commonweal's~de d'intérêt général
anywise~fut aucunement
Northeast~nord-est
accordingly~en conséquence
Hades~Enfers
ownership~la possession
Updike~Updike
cabinetwork's~ébénisteries de
tiptop's~TIPTOP de
charring~carbonisation
zaps~zaps
cheroot's~cigarillo de
coot's~coot's
ecru's~ecru's
oxidising~oxydant
steeper~plus raide
Tagore's~Tagore de
bloc's~bloc de
retraining~recyclage
credence's~credence's
galleries~galleries
calla~calla
alembic~alembic
stockbroker's~courtier en valeurs mobilières de
compensatory~compensatoire
cubist's~cubist's
deterioration~deterioration
endothelial~endothelial
doughtier~doughtier
languorous~langoureux
Ishim's~Ichim de
composedly~composedly
freest~freest
pedigree~pedigree
mistiming~mistiming
website's~sites Internet
funkier~funkier
nitrates~nitrates
elision's~elision's
tangier~tanger
coerced~sous la contrainte
venturing~aventurer
reweave~retisser
scoffs~raille
liquefaction's~de liquéfaction
designer~designer
franchisees~franchisees
sorceress~sorcière
Kristie's~Kristie de
saddler~sellier
Barbarella~Barbarella
cigars~cigares
bandbox's~de bandbox
hobgoblins~hobgobelins
Praia~Praia
squaw's~squaw de
flu~flu
subtrahend's~années à soustraire
Viennese~Vienne
cautioned~mis en garde
chalices~calices
nucleotide~nucleotides
epigraphy's~epigraphy's
stargazed~stargazed
reduction~réduction
Gregorio~Gregorio
godliest~godliest
inductive~inductif
hatch's~trappe de
cap's~casquettes
moonlighters~cumulards
drollness's~drollness's
absorbent's~absorbants de
reenlisting~reenlisting
Lacey~Lacey
rival's~rival
constructional~de construction
phishers~phishers
cigarillos~cigarillos
probation's~de probation
keyhole~trou de serrure
pedicab's~de cyclo-pousse
dinners~dinners
Orlando~Orlando
rcpt~RCPT
Earnhardt's~Earnhardt de
undies's~de Undies
intensifiers~intensificateurs
tailpipe's~tuyau d'échappement de
clapboarding~clapboarding
dillydally~dillydally
weightier~pesante
convictions~convictions
cerebrum~cerveau
shakeups~remaniements
dedication's~dedication's
internationalism's~de l'internationalisme
emptiness's~emptiness's
photojournalist~photojournaliste
steeplechases~steeple
excises~excises
ligating~ligaturer
caravels~caravelles
stakeholder~parties prenantes
Rwandas~Rwandas
rotunda's~rotunda de
hydro~hydro
crosstown~crosstown
suzerain's~suzerain de
underwear's~de sous-vêtements
fancied~fancied
woodlots~lots boisés
inordinately~démesurément
tether~attache
infrequency~faible fréquence
sniped~Sniped
welder's~sOUDEUR
isolates~isolats
unshaken~inébranlable
fibs~fibs
locking~verrouillage
maize's~maïs de
manoeuvrings~manœuvres
immersion's~immersion de
armloads~brassées
stout~bière
cowbell~cowbell
Frenchwoman~Femme française
impromptus~impromptus
glazier~glazier
praseodymium~praséodyme
dozens~dozens
evens~evens
imperceptibility's~imperceptibilité de
questing~quêtes
hdqrs~hdqrs
obliques~obliques
equivocations~equivocations
obverse~face
daftly~daftly
current's~current's
heritages~patrimoine
obtrude~imposer
uncertainty~incertitude
sane~sain
allowably~qu'il est permis
Pittman's~Pittman de
bock's~bock de
muffin's~muffins
cablegram's~câblogramme de
escutcheons~escutcheons
trudges~trudges
handicrafts~handicrafts
Switzerland~Suisse
recuperate~récupérer
Garth's~Garth de
envoy's~envoy's
frown's~frown's
edginess~edginess
sugaring~sucrage
shipboard's~de bord
phrasebook~phrasebook
camshaft~arbre à cames
supplementation's~La supplémentation de
Huang's~Huang de
appendicitis's~l'appendicite de
Birmingham~Birmingham
homeless's~de sans-abri
sparkle's~éclat de
label's~Étiquettes
vulcanisation's~de vulcanisation
alias~alias
chatted~bavardé
hided~hided
starburst~Starburst
minuet's~Années menuet
hyperlink~hyperlien
Jovian~jovien
trematode's~de trématodes
Gelbvieh's~Années Gelbvieh
lousing~épouillage
oilskins's~Années cirés
sympathetically~sympathiquement
bygone's~de révolues
ravished~ravit
briefcases~Porte-documents
blushers~blushers
gabble's~gabble's
ripest~le plus mûr
prunes~pruneaux
advisable~conseillé
felony's~felony's
Bradstreet's~Bradstreet
tattle~cancans
concentric~concentrique
bewared~bewared
barrister's~avocat de
Triangulum's~triangulum de
sets~ensembles
spats~guêtres
Finley's~Finley
intoxication~intoxication
castigation's~objurgations
caddishness's~de goujaterie
kites~cerfs-volants
fasts~fasts
snottiness's~de snottiness
Kirby's~Kirby
hardy~hardy
antioxidant's~de antioxydantes
counter's~counter's
full~full
falconer~falconer
coalmine~mine de charbon
drifter~drifter
imposture~imposture
jabot~jabot
democracies~democracies
aborted~avorté
undisclosed~non dévoilé
extrusion~extrusion
transformer's~transformateur de
Maitreya's~Maitreya
antiquated~vieilli
sebaceous~sébacé
opportune~opportun
tiredest~tiredest
troopships~troopships
innuendo's~de sous-entendus
purloins~purloins
shortenings~shortenings
diadems~diadems
roughed~malmené
streetwalker~prostituée
intersecting~sécante
officers~officiers
diskette's~diskette's
Khorana's~Khorana de
sheerer~Sheerer
Annapurna's~Annapurna de
androgyny~androgynie
webfeet~webfeet
voyageur's~Années Voyageur
johnnycakes~johnnycakes
judder~saccades
laminates~stratifiés
Gwyn~Gwyn
unprofitably~non rentable
bribe's~pot de vin de
terracotta's~Terres cuite
sensor's~Le capteur de
meteorite's~météorite de
repays~procède au paiement
explication~explication
Kahlua's~Kahlua de
Bourbon's~Bourbon de
spaceport's~port spatial de
woodshed's~de bucher
sickout's~Sickout de
Pennsylvania's~la Pennsylvanie
papillary~papillaire
Danone~Danone
extenuated~extenuated
humans~humains
ontology~ontologie
philharmonic's~philharmonie de
hearth~foyer
Canopus~Canopus
bucktooth's~Bucktooth de
Puzo's~Puzo de
beneficence~bienfaisance
fielded~fielded
Proterozoic~Protérozoïque
hiking~randonnée
preference's~la préférence de
refection~refection
overarm~overarm
marathon~marathon
larcenous~larcenous
cling's~accrochons de
Yataro~Yataro
downfallen~downfallen
Prudence's~prudence
unhooks~dégrafe
muscatel's~moscatel de
hepatocyte~hépatocyte
Kyoto~Kyoto
misfortune's~le malheur de
schoolkid~schoolkid
peripatetic~ambulant
spectacular's~est spectaculaire
futility~futility
minoring~Mineures
radiotherapist's~de radiothérapeute
Carlos's~Carlos de
curries~curries
regather~regather
fulminate~fulminate
glisten~glisten
volleyed~de volée
aloud~à haute voix
Bonaventure's~Bonaventure de
biochemically~biochimiquement
clayey~argileux
Ultrasuede's~Ultrasuede de
conductibility's~conductibilité de
phrasal~syntagmatique
prenups~prenups
Keck~Keck
stetson's~Stetson de
cowcatchers~cowcatchers
cowhand's~cowhand's
foraged~foraged
mowed~fauchée
demarcate~demarcate
shambled~shambled
teeny~minuscule
tyre~pneu
steamer's~bateau à vapeur de
cropped~cropped
disguise~disguise
Cody's~Cody
predilection~prédilection
Dermot's~Dermot de
Pullman~Pullman
Meg~Meg
tribute's~hommage de
twister~tornade
semblances~simulacres
dovetailing~dovetailing
shortness~petitesse
Armenia's~Arméniens
Ganesha's~Ganesha de
enunciate~enunciate
prolonging~prolongation
concertos~concertos
devitalised~devitalised
quicken~accélérer
obsolesce~obsolence
scubaed~scubaed
misgovernment's~de la mauvaise gouvernance
predisposition's~prédisposition de
Edna's~Edna de
medicines~médicaments
paresis's~de parésie
Sampson~Sampson
Regina's~REGINA
gatehouse's~gatehouse's
wise~sage
Tadzhik~tadjik
hopped~houblonnée
cryogenic~cryogenic
worth's~une valeur de
silicons~siliciums
agonise~tourmenter
pound's~livres sterling
arcades~arcades
bristliest~bristliest
secondments~détachements
describe~describe
proselyted~laissèrent convertir
Pitts's~Années Pitts
constructor~constructor
essences~essences
dolphin~dolphin
fillip's~fillip's
nonacid~non acide
subordinate~subalterne
penitent's~pénitente de
Dixie~Gamelle
reverberated~réverbéré
poppet~poupée
cheekily~effrontément
plainsmen~Plainsmen
nexus~lien
arithmetic~arithmétique
solider~solider
medal's~médaille de
volcanoes~volcans
nonstaining~tachant
maestro's~MAESTRO
atavism's~de atavisme
acquisition~acquisition
Saran's~saran de
temping~temping
salsas~salsas
cabana~cabana
darter~darter
Scheherazade~Shéhérazade
Roswell's~Roswell
monogamy~monogamie
activists~militants
transported~transportés
hatch~la trappe
Duse's~Duse de
diddly~diddly
escarpment's~escarpment's
schoolmistresses~institutrices
Attlee's~Attlee de
coffeehouse's~de café
consonantly~consonantly
Hesperus~Hesperus
expansively~expansively
herring's~du hareng
pelting~écorchage
engraver~engraver
Bigfoot~Bigfoot
respectable~respectable
kph~kph
bivouacked~bivouaqué
Nineveh~Ninive
Marion's~de Marion
Clio~Clio
wantoned~wantoned
employee's~employee's
expiated~expiated
keynote's~keynote de
lender's~prêteur de
rowdy~chahuteur
unabashed~nullement intimidé
Filofax's~Filofax de
alleviated~allégées
operable~opérable
Hilfiger's~Hilfiger de
somethings~certaines choses
unsightliness~inesthétique
cupola's~cupola's
abnormally~anormalement
horseboxes~vans
sociability~sociabilité
vaporware~vaporware
keg's~tonnelet de
implosion's~implosion de
chit~chit
Swammerdam~Swammerdam
reorientation~réorientation
urbanisation~urbanisation
Dalmatian's~Années dalmates
flashiness's~flashiness's
misplay's~de misplay
hyphenating~Césure
psychotherapist's~pSYCHOTHÉRAPEUTE
budgie~perruche
Titan~Titan
Swammerdam's~Swammerdam de
pursuer's~Années Traqueur
footer~footer
imperturbability's~de imperturbabilité
stragglers~traînards
defaulted~defaulted
parachutes~parachutes
parachuted~parachutés
airport~aéroport
pics~photos
harassers~harassers
hectares~hectares
Galahad~Galahad
tourney~tournoi
Akiva's~Akiva de
unpalatable~désagréable
smartypants's~Années SmartyPants
deluged~deluged
Hugo's~Hugo
importer~importateur
blotch~tache
propounds~propounds
crackers~crackers
lapdog~petit chien
mischievously~malicieusement
mallets~maillets
straitjacketing~camisole de force
mooning~Mooning
coloration's~coloration de
expositor's~expositor's
justly~justement
burials~enterrements
satanically~diaboliquement
reproach's~reproche de
menorah~menorah
eagerly~eagerly
haystack's~botte de foin de
greensward~greensward
Magyars~Magyars
twaddle's~sornettes de
schist~schiste
phaetons~phaétons
handle~handle
postulation~postulation
packinghouses~conserveries
canards~bobards
Fatimid~fatimide
deceitfully~deceitfully
washcloths~débarbouillettes
adornment~ornement
frontage~frontage
gums~gums
finagles~finagles
Lestrade~lestrade
clarinet~clarinette
mugginess~moiteur
doorpost~doorpost
litter~litière
insecurely~insécurisée
floridness's~floridness's
inadequacy~insuffisance
consequently~par conséquent
cosmetically~cosmetically
vaginas~vagins
obliviously~obliviously
jingling~tintement
contaminator's~contaminator's
semicircles~demi-cercles
Euripides's~Années Euripide
drama~drama
authorisation~autorisation
Sagan's~Sagan
whims~caprices
unaccountable~inexplicable
dilators~dilators
successors~successeurs
workman~ouvrier
selloffs~selloffs
megabyte's~de méga-octet
quackery's~de charlatanisme
Congregationalists~Congregationalists
bid~offre
reapplication's~de réapplication
maillot~MAILLOT
oedemas~oedèmes
fillies~fillies
bedtime~heure du coucher
bluebonnets~bluebonnets
horn~corne
sultanate's~sultanat de
aspirators~aspirateurs
literary~littéraire
cataloguing~catalogage
wanner~wanner
heftily~heftily
giraffe~giraffe
remade~refaits
hairstylist~hairstylist
Strabo's~Strabon
reproved~réprouvé
livest~vivras
concrete~béton
headliners~têtes d'affiche
dairying's~dairying's
tonsil~amygdale
contemporaneity's~contemporaneity's
Playtex~Playtex
flown~flown
legate~légat
extensible~extensible
streamer~banderole
secularised~sécularisée
ionises~ionise
raggeder~raggeder
neckline~encolure
nod~hochement
phrase~phrase
travailed~accoucha
interceptions~interceptions
Kulthumm's~Kulthumm de
paternalists~paternalistes
frittering~frittering
conduit~canal
muzzily~muzzily
shopkeepers~commerçants
chords~accords
wonk's~Années wonk
million's~des millions
ballpoints~ballpoints
bobsledder's~de bobsleigh
bumpiness~bosselage
poofs~poofs
Kennedy's~Kennedy
gunner~gunner
asterisking~asterisking
reconstructing~reconstruction
illustrate~illustrer
graphology's~graphology's
disservice~disservice
naivest~naivest
iodises~iodises
heap's~tas de
Motorola's~Motorola
stepdad's~stepdad de
unionist~unioniste
dreamless~dreamless
trimester~trimestre
cleverness~habileté
examined~examined
Larousse~Larousse
persuading~persuader
finishers~finishers
lumbering's~de l'exploitation forestière
piranha~piranha
underpass~passage souterrain
baroque~baroque
cardiac~cardiaque
finalist's~finalist's
Barrett's~Barrett
Del~del
mortify~mortifier
annual's~annuels du
chlorinating~chlorant
feedbags~feedbags
commentate~commenter
learns~prend connaissance
Lhotse~Lhotse
penned~parqués
soundless~silencieux
fumigation~fumigation
visualisers~visualiseurs
skew~fausser
Bellatrix's~Bellatrix de
foundation's~foundation's
Bugzilla~Bugzilla
nippiness~nippiness
Athabaskans~Athabaskans
oranges~des oranges
temporarily~temporairement
recommendation's~de recommandation
undernourishment's~de la sous-alimentation
ouzo~ouzo
apostleship~apostolat
nonappearances~nonappearances
remembered~souvenu
wryness~amok
persuasively~de façon persuasive
submission's~Communication
BFF~BFF
abscond~prendre la fuite
Tubman's~Tubman de
relapse's~années rechute
mononucleosis~mononucléose
tithe's~dime de
allusive~allusif
darneder~darneder
braving~bravant
forces~forces
towelette~lingette
omnivorousness's~omnivore de
abound~abonder
bunk~couchette
phylogeny~phylogénie
Lenore's~Lenore de
while~tandis que
thyself~te
graze's~graze's
ripe~mûr
Keogh's~Keogh de
coterminous~coterminous
territoriality~territorialité
breeze~brise
pocketful~poche pleine
mellowness's~de suavité
investigatory~investigateur
twists~torsions
Rudy's~Rudy
commandeering~réquisitionnant
careerism~carriérisme
hurled~lancé
densities~densities
uphold~défendre
gotta~gotta
purism's~de purisme
Corinthian~corinthien
pockmark~marque de petite vérole
skyjacked~skyjacked
Capri~Corsaire
temptress's~de tentatrice
fruitiest~fruitiest
sturdy~solide
complaint~plainte
candida~candidose
centenary~centenaire
twiners~twiners
headway's~progrès de
mademoiselle's~de mademoiselle
quines~Quines
denying~denying
fiance's~fiance's
cooling~cooling
bracing~entretoisement
tirades~tirades
condones~tolère
grubby~grubby
workouts~séances d'entraînement
aphasia~aphasie
subcutaneous~sous-cutané
Tracie~Tracie
paternalist~paternaliste
hr~heure
Aladdin~Aladdin
vindicator's~redresseur de torts
reseals~referme
Minolta~Minolta
finery~finery
gimme~gimme
Akkad's~Akkad de
turducken~turducken
regulate~réglementer
turpitude's~turpitude de
femur's~femur's
unsteadily~titubant
presentably~presentably
essayers~essayers
twistier~sinueux
abilities~capacités
kinsman~parent
Eric~Eric
cleft~fendu
shellfish's~coquillages de
bitterly~amèrement
oversimplify~simplifier
psychologist~psychologue
Macy's~Macy
souse's~Années souse
masks~masques
jobsworth~jobsworth
courts~courts
buddings~écussonnages
misname~donner un nom inexact
romaine~laitue romaine
implacably~implacablement
mosquito~moustique
restore~restaurer
manhunts~ratissages
nonjudgmental~nonjudgmental
upturn's~reprise de
breadths~largeurs
abbe's~Abbe de
accommodate~accommoder
maestros~maestros
woulds~woulds
swatch~swatch
clouded~assombri
Santayana~Santayana
tolerated~tolérée
corncrakes~corncrakes
muck's~Fertilisation de
translucency's~translucidité de
exaggerate~exaggerate
insectivore~insectivore
oligarch's~de l'oligarque
underachieving~sous-performants
put's~mettre de
abjectness's~de l'abjection
bodges~bodges
desist~desist
Janissary's~janissaire de
Margie's~Margie de
dowers~dowers
showboated~showboated
sallying~pleine renaissance
makeup's~de maquillage
dinkier~dinkier
bolthole~trou de boulon
Berlioz's~Berlioz
puppeteer's~marionnettiste de
avoirdupois's~Années avoirdupoids
slithers~slithers
Alamo~Alamo
uncommonness~uncommonness
doorman~doorman
abandoning~l'abandon
amphibian's~amphibien de
cocktails~cocktails
radiograms~radiogrammes
dean~dean
hurting~blesser
unfeasible~impraticable
disguise's~disguise's
indoctrinate~endoctriner
interrelation~corrélations
Iliad's~Iliad de
vouchsafe~accorder
peafowls~paons
unseeingly~sans le voir
Circe's~Circé de
someplace~quelque part
Maoris~maoris
bloc~bloc
Rwandans~Rwandais
revoking~révoquant
rustproofing~traitement antirouille
choir's~années choeur
Galatia~Galatie
disbursal~disbursal
moonshot's~Années Moonshot
studious~studieux
depose~depose
nepenthe's~népenthès de
Letterman~Letterman
luncheonette~luncheonette
armpit~aisselle
stigmatise~stigmatiser
misspending~dépenses inconsidérées
Kermit's~Kermit de
speeds~vitesses
monogrammed~monogrammé
mouths~bouches
flatteringly~flatteringly
ensconces~ensconces
wheelbarrow~brouette
transportation's~transport en
Zorro~Zorro
GitHub~GitHub
threshold~seuil
compels~oblige
timeless~intemporel
delicatessen's~delicatessen's
queasiness~malaise
dismantle~dismantle
piggishness~piggishness
Gucci's~Gucci
sirrah~maraud
bagatelles~Bagatelles
inadmissibility~inadmissibilité
credibility~credibility
scalpers~scalpers
conscription~conscription
worthlessly~worthlessly
hinging~articulation
Susan~Susan
Kaitlin~Kaitlin
gallimaufries~gallimaufries
Pompeian~pompéien
limitless~illimité
acidifying~acidifiant
ligature~ligature
pokeys~Pokeys
clientele's~clientèle de
school~école
cedilla~cédille
Gatun's~Gatun de
easterly's~easterly's
Cali~Cali
tranquilliser~tranquillisant
Arapaho's~Arapaho de
columnists~éditorialistes
scats~scats
paramecium's~de paramécie
wiretap~écoute électronique
osmosis's~osmose de
Colfax's~Colfax de
sundae~sundae
Doreen~Doreen
miner~mineur
cuts~cuts
hole~trou
wainscoting~boiserie
metabolisms~métabolismes
wardrooms~les carrés
deterministic~deterministic
trifecta~trifecta
Macedonian~Macédoine
mannerism's~de maniérisme
subversives~subversifs
drupes~drupes
breathing's~la respiration
itch's~de démangeaisons
trapshooting's~de tir au pigeon
turducken's~Années Turducken
expressly~expressly
beers~bières
locked~fermé à clef
lotteries~loteries
archer's~Archer
snorter's~de snorter
unrivalled~sans égal
gush~gush
famine~famine
appreciators~appréciateurs
Benetton's~Benetton de
spareness's~de spareness
lymphatic's~lymphatique de
testifier~testifier
warred~guerroyé
Evansville's~Evansville de
ambush~embuscade
impassibly~impassibles
deserved~deserved
bailsman~Saltsman
excessive~excessive
valving~vannes
formal's~formal's
brunches~brunchs
airshow~salon de l'aéronautique
assembly's~Assemblée de
Chrysostom~Chrysostome
Romanian~roumain
protects~protège
ashore~à terre
unverifiable~invérifiables
audience's~audience de
thumbnail's~miniature de
rickshaws~rickshaws
Huston's~Huston
waffle's~gaufres
vow~vœu
rashest~téméraires
glowworm~glowworm
Romero~Romero
extols~extols
betterment's~amélioration de
zestfulness~zestfulness
perverseness~perversité
Dylan's~Dylan
viola~alto
housebroke~housebroke
Hirohito's~Hirohito de
trip~voyage
sufferings~souffrances
castoffs~défroques
Marks's~marques de
desktop~desktop
hooch~gnôle
hailstorm's~hailstorm's
Dunn~Dunn
Harpy's~harpie de
grimed~grimed
neuritis's~névrite de
stagnantly~stagnantly
dump~dump
Golda's~Golda de
Montgomery~Montgomery
Erwin's~Erwin de
inauguration's~inauguration de
Chateaubriand~Chateaubriand
unmentionable's~dessous
corneal~corneal
powwow~palabrer
mare~jument
subbing~substratante
consumer's~consumer's
hideaways~hideaways
blunder's~erreur de
harmonic~harmonic
Perry's~Perry
lifeblood's~de bienfaiteurs
stoners~stoners
Gatun~Gatun
awns~awns
shields~Boucliers
backing's~le soutien de
sceptre's~Sceptre années
potbelly's~bedaine de
wholesomeness~salubrité
sources~sources
Cunard's~Cunard de
rescinding~annulation
boilermakers~chaudronniers
inured~accoutumer
Foley~Foley
yuletide's~Yuletide de
jogger's~jogger de
sobbing~sanglotant
flaked~flaked
shakier~plus fragile
interrupter~interrupteur
workplace~lieu de travail
Park's~parc de
Markab~Markab
roguish~coquin
overspends~dépenses excédentaires
Christmases~Noëls
Mir's~Mir de
housebroken~familier
roentgen~roentgen
shriven~Shriven
crone~crone
skateboarding~faire de la planche à roulettes
manageress~directrice
Chou~Chou
tipper~benne
Stevie~Stevie
rejoicing's~réjouissances
Tenn~Tennessee
millionths~millionièmes
sunned~sunned
exterminate~exterminate
asphodels~asphodèles
Jasmine~Jasmin
bloodstain's~bloodstain de
somersaulted~culbuté
evidence~evidence
Marcuse~Marcuse
coinage's~monnaie de
sickle~faucille
conveyor's~conveyor's
shopper's~aCHETEUR
ignominious~ignominieux
faultfinder~faultfinder
Inuktitut~inuktitut
sunfish~arlequin
mendicant~mendiant
Chretien~Jean Chrétien
exponentiation~exponentiation
semipermeable~semiperméable
horticulturists~horticulteurs
koalas~koalas
husbandman's~de laboureur
monoxide~monoxyde
copay's~copay's
sportscasts~nouvelles du sport
numismatist's~de numismate
Tirol~Tirol
grazer's~grazer's
cripple~cripple
Jakarta~Jakarta
covered~covered
testis's~Années testiculaires
filtrate's~filtrate's
delegate~delegate
Staples's~Staples de
transvestism's~de travestisme
unpopular~impopulaire
roebuck's~Roebuck de
stickup's~stickup de
socialite~personnalité mondaine
wench~jeune fille
Colosseum~Colisée
departmentalised~departmentalised
Swanson~swanson
ADP's~ADP de
compromise~faire des compromis
laundries~blanchisseries
pshaws~pshaws
sandal~sandale
Herr's~M. de
koan~koan
snatcher's~Snatcher de
radiation~radiation
Duroc~Duroc
altars~autels
misrule's~de misrule
flipper's~flipper's
uncompromisingly~sans compromis
effervesce~effervesce
coexisted~coexisté
gentility's~gentility's
prances~pavane
rendezvous's~rendez-vous de
callous~insensible
gully's~gully's
pulley's~poulies
apology's~excuses de
Gibbs's~Gibbs de
warpath's~de warpath
pusillanimity's~de pusillanimité
reheating~le réchauffement
gravelly~gravelly
conflates~l'amalgame
precognition's~de précognition
Stiltons~Stiltons
trochee's~chorée de
bole~fût
slummiest~slummiest
biology~la biologie
malformation~malformation
halfheartedness's~halfheartedness's
TB~TB
eleven~eleven
funkiness~funkiness
Rory~Rory
cryings~cryings
frazzle's~frazzle's
handiwork's~handiwork's
tinny~métallique
bluebottle's~Années Mouche bleue
Rivers's~rivières de
barbarically~barbarement
maintainers~mainteneurs
despoilment~despoilment
Braddock~Braddock
Zelma's~Zelma de
Bhutan's~Bhoutan de
jackknife~couteau de poche
grossness's~grossness's
gumdrop's~gumdrop's
Spaniards~Espagnols
nickle~Nickle
lancing~lancette
citrus's~agrumes de
gobbets~gobbets
steel's~de l'acier
cotangent's~cotangent's
samosa~samosa
cerement's~de linceul
flare~flare
raiser's~Raiser de
proceeding~procédure
Travolta's~Travolta
slurped~slurped
blockading~bloquait
stonework~maçonnerie
rubbishes~rubbishes
mitigation~atténuation
birthplace's~lieu de naissance de
yarmulkes~yarmulkes
portioned~portionné
Tarbell~Tarbell
prohibitively~prohibitive
potentate's~de potentat
Macedon's~Macedon de
plea~supplication
fornicators~fornicators
banalities~banalités
sweepstake's~tirages au sort
have~avoir
multiculturalism~le multiculturalisme
Cassandras~cassandras
squarish~carré
seaward~vers le large
superstore's~de superstore
tome's~tome de
Gomorrah~Gomorrhe
emulators~emulators
investors~investisseurs
storage's~stockage de
Brooklyn's~Brooklyn de
zithers~cithares
bunch's~tas de
Photostatting~Photostatting
warders~geôliers
junta~junte
democratising~democratising
sketchiness's~sketchiness de
priesthood's~sacerdoce de
freebased~freebased
sensuousness's~sensualisme de
disqualification's~disqualification's
Olson~Olson
Dina's~Dina
Kennith's~Kennith de
Carina's~Carina
hire's~location de
imbecile's~Années imbécilles
shticks~shticks
pronghorn~pronghorn
fracases~fracases
sinus~sinus
rebates~rabais
pannier's~pannier de
Dexedrine~Dexedrine
ahoy~Ahoy
Suzhou~Suzhou
woodworking~travail du bois
gals~gals
thumbscrews~moletées
arias~arias
zebra's~zèbre de
Mayan~Maya
department~department
pickaxed~pickaxed
coonskins~coonskins
thoughtlessness's~étourderie de
checkers's~dames des années
sophistic~sophiste
loopiest~loopiest
frontier's~frontier's
shiniest~shiniest
heartland~Heartland
altercations~altercations
chintz~chintz
DVR's~DVR
vanquisher's~vanquisher de
superfluous~superflu
pastime~Passe-temps
Prado's~Prado de
statures~statures
mottle~marbrure
streetwalker's~de streetwalker
intrans~Intrans
carouser's~de Carouser
monsters~monstres
contingents~contingents
hoodooed~hoodooed
registry's~Bureau d'enregistrement
oxidises~oxydent
hearse~corbillard
fixture~fixture
bewigged~emperruqué
clambake's~clambake de
castoff's~Années larguer les amarres
weariness's~de la fatigue
Epimethius's~Epimethius de
pillocks~pillocks
carboys~bonbonnes
demoralised~demoralised
sharecrops~sharecrops
mourning's~le deuil de
vaguer~plus vague
sawbuck's~sawbuck de
PP~PP
pathfinder~éclaireur
abating~essoufflement
batted~frappée
Eliot's~Eliot
rebated~feuillure
webcam~webcam
dismay's~dismay's
scarlatina~scarlatine
uninitialised~uninitialised
correspond~correspond
than~que
hops~houblon
poems~poèmes
Riley's~Riley
consumptives~consumptives
crudity's~crudity's
illiberality's~illibéralité de
glue~glue
forearmed~forearmed
classical~classique
retrospects~retrospects
fever~fever
dismayed~dismayed
Erie~Erie
catechises~catéchèses
unconvincing~peu convaincant
Helsinki's~Helsinki de
Spillane~Spillane
comprehensive's~complet de
friaries~friaries
femaleness's~femaleness's
edition's~edition's
Rushdie~Rushdie
mavericks~conformistes
Tito's~Tito
Incorporated~Incorporated
usherette's~ouvreuse de
developer~developer
orgy's~orgie de
Cameroon's~Cameroun de
plenaries~séances plénières
idealisation~idéalisation
Timbuktu's~Tombouctou de
wound's~blessures
insusceptible~impregnable
Merck~Merck
disrespect~disrespect
lows~bas
gatekeeper~gatekeeper
recoup~récupérer
afield~un champ
matchlock's~mousquet de
exportation's~exportation's
eclipses~eclipses
redeemer~Rédempteur
animist~animiste
cardiogram~cardiogramme
sedateness~sedateness
crewmen~crewmen
bawdily~bawdily
larboards~larboards
usurpation~usurpation
Simmons~Simmons
incrementalists~gradualistes
trapped~piégé
hurtles~se précipite
deaconesses~deaconesses
creepiness's~creepiness's
cassock's~soutane de
rationalistic~rationaliste
persuasion's~de la persuasion
Honiara~Honiara
mitosis~mitose
Jaguar~Jaguar
mudguard~garde-boue
stagnating~stagnation
traumatised~traumatisé
chatelaine's~châtelaine de
Ezekiel~Ezekiel
flakiness~flakiness
inconsiderateness's~étourderie de
tighteners~tenseurs
riders~cavaliers
levelly~levelly
Annunciation's~Annonciation de
companionway's~de cabines
quartet's~le Quatuor
Malian's~de maliens
buffed~meulé
wield~manier
decadence~decadence
Urey's~de Urey
Weierstrass~Weierstrass
ferment~ferment
timbrel~timbrel
worrywart's~de worrywart
polymers~polymères
nags~Nags
hurrah~Hourra
Barnaul's~Barnaul de
jellos~jellos
forsook~forsook
qualifiers~qualificatifs
preadolescence~préadolescence
abjurer~abjurer
fiend's~fiend's
littering~jeter des ordures
reformations~reformations
scrawniness~maigreur
impale~empaler
squalidness~squalidness
velveteen~velvet
advancement~avancement
keystrokes~frappes
halfheartedly~halfheartedly
precipice's~précipice de
Robitussin's~Robitussin de
Connors's~Connors de
wain~Wain
wallaby's~wallaby de
archbishopric~archevêché
ebullience's~ebullience's
gabfest~gabfest
antic~cabriole
musicologist's~de musicologue
Hendricks's~Années Hendricks
lipreader's~de lipreader
wash's~lavage de
paperweight~presse-papier
flirtations~flirtations
crankiness's~crankiness's
survivable~survivable
encipher~encipher
bookmarking~bookmarking
genealogists~genealogists
scarecrow~épouvantail
hoot's~huée de
carpool~covoiturage
conformation's~conformation de
beltways~rocades
malachite's~de malachite
theosophist~théosophe
crier's~crier's
oath's~serment de
Podhoretz's~Podhoretz de
doorstop's~doorstop's
pewee~pewee
nacelle's~nacelle de
Bork's~Bork de
devolve~devolve
picturesqueness~pittoresque
granters~granters
subprofessional's~subprofessional de
eye~eye
dd~dd
brag's~se vanter de
deuterium's~deuterium's
abundance's~l'abondance de
rusting~rouiller
triplicate's~trois exemplaires de
commingles~amalgamaient
outpointed~outpointed
Kimberly~Kimberly
Sunnite's~Sunnites
rad~rad
triumphalist~triomphaliste
coming~arrivant
defenestration~defenestration
Huron's~Huron de
vocabulary's~son vocabulaire
roamers~roamers
qualification~qualification
moseying~moseying
grandeur~grandeur
dastard~dastard
vastness~immensité
Souphanouvong's~Souphanouvong de
loudness~intensité
stalked~pétiole
Omdurman's~Omdurman de
Steadicam's~Steadicam de
transaction's~transactions
inflexion's~de inflexions
toluene's~de toluène
objectifying~objectivant
effete~effete
polygraph~polygraphe
Simpson~Simpson
foretelling~foretelling
Felicia~Felicia
parameter~paramètre
munged~munged
mags~jantes en aluminium
quietness~calme
flameproofs~flameproofs
vaporisation~vaporisation
disperse~disperse
Zara's~Zara
Kashmir~Cachemire
reelect~réélire
Copacabana~Copacabana
orioles~loriots
ratchets~cliquets
forehands~forehands
blags~blags
session~session
nursed~bercé
dinnerware's~dinnerware's
lisper~Lisper
whipsawed~whipsawed
Antwerp~Anvers
Blanca~Blanca
Bjerknes's~Années Bjerknes
Damian's~Damian
wadding~ouate
lingoes~Lingoes
necessary's~est nécessaire
compunctions~componctions
cumulus's~cumulus's
claws~les griffes
obscenest~obscenest
flinging~flinging
fawning~fawning
Fosse's~fossés
pudding~pudding
Abuja~Abuja
Sm~Sm
Kuznets's~Kuznets de
anapestic~anapestic
Buddhisms~buddhisms
ragweed~ambroisie
muslin's~Années mousselines
manses~Manses
stonewall~mur de pierre
Chagall~Chagall
mash~purée
cope's~cope's
cementum's~cément de
Lucia's~Lucia de
alders~aulnes
tray~plateau
formal~formal
event~event
piggishness's~de piggishness
hipping~hipping
incl~y compris
unexceptionable~irréprochable
daintiest~daintiest
relater~relateur
Vaughan~Vaughan
expensively~expensively
deactivates~deactivates
bittern~butor
hearsay~ouï-dire
boors~rustres
petcocks~robinets de purge
careen~caréner
plumps~repulpe
broadcasting~diffusion
nitrogenous~azoté
nudist's~de nudiste
mi's~mis
ham's~ham's
forests~forests
acknowledges~reconnaît
venturous~venturous
phrenology's~phrénologie de
lento~lent
nationality~nationalité
crowds~crowds
foredoomed~foredoomed
proscriptions~proscriptions
supplemented~complété
purulent~purulent
dace~dace
entrance's~entrance's
colonials~colonials
vocabularies~vocabulaires
Haydn~Haydn
Douay~Douay
Titicaca's~Années Titicaca
abrades~abrase
Verna's~Verna
entrenching~entrenching
knockers~heurtoirs
breakthroughs~percées
unlocking~déverrouillage
Hyades's~Années Hyades
demoralise~demoralise
lewd~obscène
herbicidal~herbicide
gaudy~gaudy
disfavouring~disfavouring
chatterer's~de Bavard
caprice's~caprice de
mummers~mummers
Milanese~milanais
Waterloo's~Waterloo de
morel's~morel de
bracelet's~bracelet de
gigawatt's~gigawatt's
healthy~en bonne santé
oral~oral
sectionalism's~de sectionalism
fratricides~fratricides
musical~musical
cascade's~cascade de
oxidise~oxyder
gobstopper~gobstopper
Federalist~Fédéraliste
hookworm's~de l'ankylostome
earns~earns
barbecue~barbecue
rho's~rho de
voyeur's~voyeur de
Lordships~seigneuries
reveal~révéler
scents~parfums
swoon~pâmoison
suds~mousse de savon
hopefully~avec optimisme
coped~coped
lockups~verrouillages
cybernetic~cybernetic
sunscreen's~de protection solaire de
senselessness's~senselessness de
bespoken~bespoken
footstep's~footstep's
friction's~friction's
exhume~exhume
inquest's~enquête de
honk~klaxonner
roentgens~roentgen
cymbals~cymbals
Auriga's~Auriga de
ploughing~labour
Malone's~Malone
classroom~Salle de classe
biases~biais
nondiscriminatory~non discriminatoire
retiree~retraitée
concessionary~concessionnel
Czechoslovakia~Tchécoslovaquie
Kristi~Kristi
defaming~defaming
reestablishment~rétablissement
Tycho's~Tycho
vultures~vautours
initiatives~initiatives
climes~cieux
turn's~se tourne
hosp~Hosp
capitalist's~capitaliste de
deleveraged~deleveraged
sterns~Sterns
Devon's~Devon de
hacker~hacker
anthropocentric~anthropocentrique
irreproachably~irréprochablement
ft~ft
trailblazer~précurseur
helot~ilote
multiform~multiforme
nominators~proposants
gas~gas
Brie's~Brie de
thickos~thickos
Ramirez~Ramirez
Savoy's~Savoy de
flatmate~flatmate
threaten~menacer
harrumph~Harrumph
eyeballed~eyeballed
housebreakers~démolisseurs
anthologies~anthologies
life's~La vie de
linefeed~saut de ligne
stew~Ragoût
reallocate~réallouer
tutorial's~tutoriel de
rehabilitation~réhabilitation
splurge's~de faire des folies
AFAIK~Autant que je sache
callouses~callosités
collides~entre en collision
halo~halo
moneybag~Sac d'argent
observances~observances
Irkutsk's~Irkoutsk de
flabbiness's~flabbiness's
palmier~Palmier
peignoir's~déshabillé de
footsteps~footsteps
chicaneries~chicaneries
Weierstrass's~Années Weierstrass
embellish~embellish
Benita~Benita
bloomer's~culotte bouffante
equivocation~equivocation
smashup~smashup
solicitousness~sollicitude
beneficiary's~bÉNÉFICIAIRE
irresponsible~irresponsable
Italianate~italianisant
interrupting~interrompant
mortaring~tirs de mortier
distribution's~distribution's
louder~Plus fort
tempters~tentateurs
schizo~schizo
Rebekah~Rebekah
headbutt~headbutt
desiccators~desiccators
sobbed~sanglotait
Bond's~Bond
walk's~des promenades
moraines~moraines
consternation~consternation
thrill~frisson
onshore~onshore
twigs~brindilles
existentialist's~existentialist's
uncoiling~déroulage
jaggedly~jaggedly
yammerer~yammerer
secretion~sécrétion
worldliness~mondanités
replay's~de reprise
exquisiteness's~exquisiteness's
retouch~retoucher
eventually~eventually
waffled~gaufrée
whisper~chuchotement
thirstily~avidement
brocading~brochage
Strickland~Strickland
chanticleers~Chanticleers
clatter~bruit
uncrowded~peu fréquentée
cuspidors~cuspidors
nonvolatile~non volatile
irreducible~irréductible
standard's~normes
parquetry's~Parqueterie de
honeymooners~les jeunes mariés
tankards~chopes
Trident's~Trident de
clubbers~clubbers
concave~concave
Chopin~Chopin
someone~Quelqu'un
Tessie~Tessie
apostatised~apostasié
resignedly~résigné
excels~excels
womanisers~coureurs de jupons
quaky~frémissant
cartwheeling~se renversant
kidder~Kidder
excitement's~excitement's
spans~portées
prefab's~maison préfabriquée de
beanpole~échalas
sacking~sac
regularise~régulariser
eggnog~eggnog
permeability~perméabilité
radiosonde's~radiosondage de
nuances~nuances
CD~CD
supermoms~SuperMoms
secret's~secret est
purposeless~sans but
braid's~tresse de
randomnesses~randomnesses
broader~plus large
immature~immature
civilise~civiliser
duck's~duck's
obliteration's~obliteration de
prettify~enjoliver
perspiring~sueur
dunces~dunces
shrillness's~stridence de
afterthoughts~après coup
deliverymen~deliverymen
sickening~écœurant
nonconductor's~non conducteur de
valetudinarian~valétudinaire
Antaeus's~Antaeus de
Lean~Maigre
MS's~MS de
Er~Er
bestirs~remue
Actaeon~Actéon
humanism~humanisme
disobeys~disobeys
retread's~de rechapage
nicks~pseudos
slew~tué
sited~SITUER
dalliers~dalliers
fret's~fret's
torchbearer's~relayeuse de
nurseryman~pépiniériste
taxonomist~taxinomiste
Jarred~Jarred
Sundanese~sundanais
bout's~combat de
Verde~Verde
metiers~metiers
speedier~plus rapide
marches~marches
stethoscope's~stéthoscope de
ufologist~ufologue
roughhouse's~roughhouse de
soundproofed~insonorisées
inclusion~inclusion
Walgreen's~Walgreen
shoelaces~lacets de chaussures
mutt's~Mutt de
cocoons~cocons
microphones~microphones
coniferous~conifère
Aprils~Aprils
probably~Probablement
punted~punted
Vidal~Vidal
unprofessionally~unprofessionally
supercomputer~superordinateur
hajj~hajj
nutritionally~sur le plan nutritionnel
forcefulness's~forcefulness's
dishtowel's~dishtowel's
indelible~indélébile
nonesuches~nonesuches
ignominies~ignominies
purported~prétendue
pachysandra~pachysandra
derogating~derogating
inexcusable~inexcusable
hallucinated~hallucinated
unhappier~malheureux
surrealism~surréalisme
rioter's~de émeutier
dispersal's~dispersal's
sentience's~de sentience
pant~haleter
microwavable~microwavable
alphanumeric~alphanumérique
monotonously~monotones
doodled~doodled
phrase's~phrases
O'Keeffe's~O'Keeffe de
geek~geek
poachers~braconniers
regard~ce qui concerne
saltwater~eau salée
Rena~Rena
chaplains~aumôniers
starboard~tribord
Leno~Leno
deodorisation's~deodorisation's
Jeanne~Jeanne
boyish~de garçon
roundhouses~rotondes
ruses~stratagèmes
Ethernet's~Ethernet de
pencil's~des crayons
affinity's~affinité de
retrogresses~revient en arrière
supply~la fourniture
promulgator~promulgateur
frosty~frosty
friendliest~friendliest
shore's~rivage de
Aurelia~Aurelia
pastilles~pastilles
Katheryn's~Katheryn de
lambkin~agnelet
matronly~de matrone
considers~considère
impresario's~Années impresario
carousing~bringue
reuse's~réutilisation de
energetically~energetically
affordable~abordable
echinoderm's~echinoderm's
Harlequin's~Arlequin de
wrangled~disputaient
bogeyman~loup-garou
Iraqi~irakien
effigy's~effigy's
outcrops~affleurements
offer's~des offres
tumbles~dégringole
Wesleyan~Wesleyan
paparazzo~paparazzo
arrogates~arroge
skyscrapers~grattes ciels
gusset's~gusset's
lambs~agneaux
Jephthah's~Jephté de
woodblock's~gravure sur bois de
sixteen's~seize de
Nobel~Nobel
aerobics~aérobie
subscription~abonnement
straps~les bretelles
mauled~malmené
Loraine's~Loraine de
withdrawing~retirer
intoxicated~ivre
Vera~Vera
Chautauqua~Chautauqua
Sanhedrin~Sanhédrin
pastel's~pastel de
quintuple~quintuple
servitude~servitude
bellmen~grooms
kike~Kike
anchor's~ancre de
bunglers~bousilleurs
Goethals's~Années Goethals
leashes~laisses
mouthpieces~Becs
moribund~moribond
convenient~convenient
nonpayment's~de non-paiement
aquatics's~Années sports aquatiques
suspender~jarretelle
flanker's~flanker's
hoer~hoer
bachelor's~les bacheliers
Natalia~Natalia
Newfoundlander~newfoundlander
deceptively~deceptively
baths~thermes
crucifixion's~crucifixion's
slobbering~baveux
coasting~côtoyant
shining~brillant
tractors~tracteurs
comfortless~sans confort
seasick~le mal de mer
readdress~réadresser
trafficking~trafic
Matthew~Matthieu
monodist~monodist
Kiel's~Kiel de
chimpanzees~chimpanzés
laundromat~laverie
measured~mesuré
Etna's~Etna de
stranded~échoué
curator's~curator's
poltergeist~esprit frappeur
zoological~zoologique
jugful's~jugful de
embalmed~embalmed
stints~relais
banjoist~banjoiste
reheat~réchauffer
succumb~succomber
corpuscles~corpuscles
toilets~toilettes
aboriginal's~les questions autochtones
backlog's~carnet de commandes de
Jain~Jain
personification~personnification
Gambia's~Gambie de
seamy~sordide
leapfrog's~saute-mouton de
casino's~casino de
engravings~engravings
externalise~externalise
curtness~curtness
mush's~Années mush
standardises~harmonise ses
Instagram~Instagram
remits~domaines de compétence
predestines~prédestine
jackass~âne
Cory~Cory
Tamara~Tamara
commencing~à compter du
skidpan~skidpan
rendezvouses~rendezvouses
underpinning's~ce qui sous-tend
complainers~complaignants
usurious~usuraire
ends~ends
uncontaminated~non contaminée
disintegrates~disintegrates
absorbency~absorption
keel~Quille
vivaciousness's~de vivaciousness
raciest~raciest
seismographers~sismographes
contravened~contravened
finch's~finch's
ordinance's~ordonnance relative
eyepiece's~eyepiece's
Larry's~Larry
prickers~piquoirs
rosary's~chapelet de
headman~chef
fay~fay
Desmond~Desmond
smocking~smocks
redrafting~nouvelle rédaction
proofreader's~de relecteur
potentiality~potentialité
saddlery~sellerie
introductory~préliminaire
outputs~les sorties
wheal's~papule de
McGowan's~McGowan de
coagulates~coagule
creepy~creepy
miner's~mINEUR
philodendron's~philodendron de
predestine~prédestiner
snowmobiled~de la motoneige
pollution~la pollution
subsumes~subsume
Florence's~Florence de
downtrend's~downtrend's
mismanagement~mauvaise gestion
woodsy~sylvestre
cerebrate~cerebrate
nonviolence's~de la non-violence
electroplated~electroplated
Rome's~Rome de
stack's~pile de
carob~caroube
dpi~dpi
drainpipes~drainpipes
misused~mal utilisé
hafnium's~hafnium's
conifer~conifère
ablations~ablations
tomes~grimoires
Billy's~Billy
paralysed~paralysé
titlists~surtitreurs
doorkeeper's~doorkeeper's
matriarchal~matriarcale
Beijing's~Pékin de
Zola~Zola
coherence~la cohérence
howbeit~consolateur
cad~goujat
pitfall's~écueil de
pestilent~pestilentiel
Zeke's~Zeke de
belatedly~tardivement
drapers~drapers
buckteeth~buckteeth
backpacker~randonneur
megawatt's~mégawatt de
rehear~réentendre
Romansh's~romanche de
piranhas~piranhas
moderniser's~modernisateur de
mosque~mosquée
mescal's~Années mescal
fray~fray
wold's~Wold de
ratatouille~Ratatouille
lemurs~lémurs
mohair~mohair
reorient~réorientez
usual's~habituels de
nepotist~népotiste
Edda~Edda
ostentation's~de l'ostentation
Frost~Gel
silly~idiot
keeled~carénées
starches~amidons
Myst~Myst
incubate~incuber
rockeries~rocailles
thump~cogner
enchanter~enchanter
toothpicks~cure-dents
tiptoeing~tiptoeing
mews~ruelle
bluff~bluffer
antiquate~antiquate
playact~playact
Djibouti's~Djibouti de
householder's~chef de ménage de
inquisitiveness's~indiscrétion de
Armonk~Armonk
scrambled~brouillé
skirmishing~skirmishing
rockier~rockier
soccer~football
putting~en mettant
humoured~humored
Huber's~Huber
miscarry~avorter
luxuriousness's~de luxuriance
spokes~rayons
headteachers~professeurs principaux
impede~entraver
disturbed~disturbed
attire's~tenue de
Sequoya~Sequoya
Neanderthal~Néandertal
smartened~smartened
austerities~austérités
Excellencies~Excellences
intercommunicated~communiquent entre eux
goosestep~goosestep
subvention's~de subvention
networked~en réseau
pwned~pwned
birthdays~anniversaires
tetrahedrons~tétraèdres
overgraze~surpâturage
larkspur's~Larkspur de
hydrogenate~hydrogéner
Hurst's~Hurst
nimblest~agile
signature~Signature
sunbeam's~Rayon de soleil de
IMO~OMI
permits~permis
Emanuel's~Emanuel de
branches~branches
lawless~sans foi ni loi
bedheads~chevets
Tuvaluan~tuvaluan
multiplication~multiplication
impunity~impunité
reacting~faire réagir
headboard~dosseret
homicide~homicide
explicitness's~explicitness's
mullioned~meneaux
helpfulness~obligeance
stockbreeder~éleveur
turbaned~enturbanné
insurgence~insurrection
botnet~botnet
nutters~cinglés
beachwear~tenue de plage
genning~genning
marbled~marbré
refinances~refinancements
gum's~gum's
Bentham's~Bentham
homogenisation~homogénéisation
tb~tb
blueness's~bleuissement de
multinational~multinational
politesse's~politesses de
wateriest~wateriest
immigrating~immigrent
ampere's~Ampère
scuds~Scuds
EEOC~EEOC
these~celles-ci
technobabble~technobabble
motorising~motorisation
foreclose~foreclose
raider's~de raider
support's~les soutiens
disaffiliates~disaffiliates
twofer's~twofer de
arraignments~arraignments
overcompensates~surcompense
bookplate's~de l'ex-libris
twopence~twopence
danseuse's~danseuse's
alliteration's~de allitération
obedience's~l'obéissance de
panicky~de panique
Galileo~Galileo
confounds~facteurs de confusion
crossbreed's~crossbreed's
heavyweight's~poids lourds de
flagging~flagging
posteriors~dents postérieures
pleasantly~agréablement
wrap's~enveloppe de
chat's~chat de
outlays~dépenses
baying~aboiements
ingratiation~ingratiation
equipoise's~equipoise's
boatman's~batelier de
Berta's~Berta de
Althea's~Althea de
inaccuracies~inexactitudes
deplorable~deplorable
infuses~infuse
legroom~espace pour les jambes
downturn~downturn
flotation's~flotation's
interviewee~interviewé
Nettie~Nettie
preppier~preppier
misdeal~maldonne
lechery~luxure
marchioness's~de Marquife
requisitioned~réquisitionnée
DUI~conduite avec facultés affaiblies
Pakistanis~Pakistanais
intaglio's~Années intaille
beguine's~de biguine
minivan~mini-fourgonnette
sported~arboré
subjoined~SUBJOINTE
seconders~appuyeurs
scout~scout
overestimate's~surestiment de
mouses~des souris
vassalage~vassalité
Auschwitz's~Auschwitz de
animations~animations
interrogatively~interrogative
maritime~maritime
spaghetti~spaghetti
misgivings~doutes
segregation~ségrégation
prelate~prélat
overpaying~trop cher
sassy~impertinent
ablation~ablation
gravels~gravels
privilege~privilège
chokecherries~chokecherries
Oligocene's~Oligocène de
naval~naval
Josefina's~Josefina de
nave's~nef de
earthenware's~earthenware's
miscellany~recueil
loot's~de butin
invitation's~invitation de
gable's~gable's
dowagers~dowagers
Lizzy's~Lizzy de
shortchange~flouer
Lassa~Lassa
mows~meous
inter~entre
coed~Coed
skillet~poêlon
intercommunicates~intercommunicates
loon's~huard de
delinquent's~delinquent's
landfall~touché terre
touchline~aile
pinon's~pinon de
pyrites~pyrites
valedictorian's~Années Major d'une promotion
meshing~maillage
heavens's~cieux de
petrifaction's~pétrification de
fiscally~fiscally
typo's~faute de frappe de
dowsed~dowsed
average's~moyenne de
Randolph's~Randolph
washbasin~lavabo
buckyballs~buckyballs
provincialism~provincialisme
curer~curer
handcraft~handcraft
roomettes~chambrettes
Virgil's~Virgile
petrels~pétrels
prognosis~pronostic
storeroom's~cellier de
meninx's~Meninx de
righted~redressé
oceanographer~océanographe
collected~collectées
congratulating~Féliciter
radicalise~radicaliser
flumes~flumes
digestibility~digestibility
waking~veille
phosphodiesterase~phosphodiestérase
barkeepers~barmans
harmonically~harmonically
governess's~governess's
honeymooning~honeymooning
whacking~raclée
grotesquely~grotesquely
oceanfronts~oceanfronts
jejune~jejune
Koizumi's~Koizumi de
cob~épi
nosecone~nosecone
ringlet~anglaise
wheelwrights~charrons
Talmudist~talmudiste
slivered~effilées
cassette's~Cassette de
articled~articled
shouted~a crié
yegg~casseur
ethologists~ethologists
Hornblower~Hornblower
eighteen's~eighteen's
unpremeditated~irréfléchi
feminism~feminism
faithlessness's~faithlessness's
warriors~guerriers
beginning~début
marquee's~chapiteau de
pedicuring~pédicure
infirmary's~infirmerie de
guzzling~guzzling
Mutsuhito~Mutsuhito
philosophises~philosopher
Numbers's~numéros de
suspects~suspects
absolution~absolution
up~en haut
Barbuda~Barbuda
flabbergasted~flabbergasted
flare's~flare's
sportscaster's~de commentateur sportif
centre's~centre de
sticker~autocollant
fitter's~fitter's
jute's~jute de
toileting~toilette
laddies~laddies
ICBM~ICBM
leopard's~léopard de
summat~summat
adjustable~Ajustable
deepening~deepening
Havana's~La Havane de
parley~parlementer
NSC~NSC
impiety~impiété
buoy's~bouée de
concessionaires~concessionnaires
continued~continued
mink~vison
Hellenisation~hellénisation
clamour's~clameur de
hostesses~hôtesses d'accueil
keyboardist~claviériste
datelining~datelining
corpsman's~corpsman's
preying~preying
shimmering~chatoyant
Slocum's~Slocum de
exon~exon
allure's~allure de
cantors~cantors
tarries~attarde
alternate~alterner
whereby~par lequel
decliner's~decliner's
Pentax~Pentax
voyaging~Voyaging
musette~musettes
kibitz~kibitz
scrumptious~délicieux
obligating~engagement de dépenses
warmheartedness's~années cordialité
appearance~apparence
European~européen
mummer~mime
Rubens~Rubens
disarmament's~disarmament's
Rhenish's~rhénane de
cohesion's~la cohésion de
pizzerias~pizzerias
gamed~gamed
busying~affairant
unremembered~unremembered
icy~glacé
youth's~les jeunes de
chromatin~chromatine
pullets~poulettes
badges~badges
strongman~homme fort
persuader~persuasif
bacchanal's~bacchanale de
Peshawar~Peshawar
obsessions~obsessions
indelicacy~indélicatesse
coordinately~coordinately
maraca~maraca
mossy~moussu
Judaic~judaïque
worshipful~adorateur
dusk~dusk
cottonmouths~cottonmouths
drunker~drunker
plangent~retentissant
uprear~uprear
graces~graces
communal~communautaire
megachurch~megachurch
calibrations~étalonnages
menopause's~la ménopause de
loganberries~mûres-framboises
watchmaker~horloger
midyears~midyears
medicos~toubibs
great's~great's
laziness~paresse
fluster~fluster
economisers~economisers
Crete's~Crète de
Hoff~Hoff
swills~swills
proportional~proportionnel
convulse~convulse
avenger's~vengeur de
Wyomingites~Wyomingites
Mamet~Mamet
teacupful's~Années teacupful
fielder's~fielder's
ancienter~ancienter
Blackfeet~Blackfeet
doubled~doubled
identifiable~identifiable
state~Etat
forgeries~forgeries
journal's~Journal de
panted~haletait
sanctum's~Sanctum de
seemliness's~de la bienséance
Johanna~Johanna
Turkic's~turkic de
purveyor~fournisseur
heed~attention
puttee's~puttee de
catastrophes~catastrophes
garbs~garbs
catatonic~catatonique
forcibly~forcibly
expires~expires
sausage's~saucisses
tripos~Tripos
hairnet's~hairnet's
Tyrolean~Tyrol
verve~verve
maelstrom~maelstrom
Psalters~psautiers
squatted~squattée
flapjack~flapjack
paws~pattes
counterinsurgency's~counterinsurgency's
anticommunism~anticommunisme
Frankfort~Francfort
hays~hays
unclothe~déshabiller
berried~grainées
vinaigrette's~vinaigrette de
Sukarno~Sukarno
gasses~gasses
required~Champs obligatoires
manumitted~affranchi
kneads~pétrit
dreadfulness's~dreadfulness's
flagman~flagman
Whites~Blancs
tenderises~attendrit
cyanide~cyanide
courser's~courser's
brambly~ronce
Kigali~Kigali
Hall~salle
dedicatory~dedicatory
loopier~loopier
expedited~expedited
acceptability~acceptabilité
lamming~Lamming
periods~périodes
naif~Naif
ambulated~ambulated
Pravda's~Pravda de
depolarises~depolarises
Shoshone's~Shoshone de
darkrooms~darkrooms
tier~étage
hijack~détourner
resulting~résultant
moratorium~moratorium
trabeculae~trabécules
familiarity's~familiarity's
sleeting~sleeting
subhumans~sous-hommes
carotene~carotène
killjoy's~killjoy de
mammalians~mammifères
punctuality's~la ponctualité de
my~mon
aux~aux
installed~installée
vulgarism~vulgarisme
Ecstasy~Extase
nestling~oisillon
guillotined~guillotined
warpaths~warpaths
Aquino's~Aquino de
wristwatch~montre à bracelet
Staubach~Staubach
Nation's~nation de
edged~edged
handbill's~handbill's
keyboard's~du clavier
husbands~maris
breakup's~rupture de
Britney~Britney
grousers~grousers
sportsman~sportif
doubtfulness~doubtfulness
Mesozoic~Mésozoïque
teletypewriter~téléscripteur
arrowheads~pointes de flèches
amortising~amortissable
docking~docking
Hodgkin's~hodgkinien
goes~goes
elector~elector
herdsman's~de bouvier
setup's~de configuration
trekker~trekker
overbalance~basculer
LAN~LAN
declassify~declassify
critique~critique
securest~securest
xxvi~xxvi
ascertainment~constatation
disclaims~disclaims
salesrooms~espaces de vente
outcome's~résultat de
coquette~coquette
vaults~coffres
dismembered~dismembered
veges~veges
dashers~dashers
liquid's~liquide de
fogging~fogging
reasoning~raisonnement
alkalised~alcalinisée
foreground~foreground
realistic~réaliste
reprogrammed~reprogrammé
reteaching~réapprentissage
Ayrshire's~Ayrshire de
phooey~phooey
impostor~imposteur
tress's~tress de
hate's~la haine de
renews~renouvelle
conjunctures~conjonctures
jowly~jowly
mismatching~désadaptation
Arizonan~Arizonan
themselves~se
larcenists~larcenists
under~en dessous de
zestier~zestier
dogmatically~dogmatically
tea~thé
chastising~châtier
Brain's~Cerveaux
dickheads~dickheads
crooned~crooned
auctions~les enchères
permanent~permanent
Titus~Titus
participant~participant
McCarty~McCarty
flimflam~flimflam
Coriolis~Coriolis
bitcoin~Bitcoin
unblushingly~effrontément
inning~tour de batte
voraciously~voracement
annelids~annélides
folklorist's~folklorist's
disservices~disservices
disconnecting~disconnecting
taxing~taxation
Cheever's~Cheever de
Orleans's~Orléans de
blanched~blanchies
cambium~cambium
confetti's~Années confettis
divider~divider
Salvatore~Salvatore
grudge~grudge
mantelpieces~Manteau de Cheminée
fixes~fixes
emoticon's~emoticon's
reservoirs~réservoirs
callowness's~de callowness
preferred~préféré
Sec~Seconde
acquired~acquis
indemonstrable~indémontrable
theologies~théologies
tug's~remorqueur de
funnest~funnest
nimbus~nimbus
Tallchief~Tallchief
familiar~familiar
allergen's~allergène de
necrology's~nécrologique de
deprecating~deprecating
solubility~solubilité
assisting~assistant
junking~junking
gratifying~gratifying
trapdoor~trappe
Gilchrist~Gilchrist
smorgasbords~smorgasbords
crewman~crewman
Esteban's~Esteban de
quickens~vivifie
Brontosaurus~brontosaure
smidgen~smidgen
grafters~grafters
flintlocks~flintlocks
Janelle's~Janelle de
doorway~doorway
lawnmowers~tondeuses à gazon
firebreak's~firebreak's
presbyopia~presbytie
protected~protégé
identified~identifié
Doritos~Doritos
tarmac~macadam
Amer~Amer
Arron~Arron
Winthrop's~Winthrop de
ambulates~ambulates
sulkiest~sulkiest
participate~participer
saith~dit
elapse~elapse
wilderness's~désert de
hoagie~Hoagie
Brahms's~Brahms
collaboration's~La collaboration de
rebounded~a rebondi
haemorrhage's~haemorrhage's
managing~gérant
cerulean~azuré
whereabouts's~allées et venues
SASE~SASE
Rae~Rae
fealty's~fealty's
chimp~chimpanzé
firmware~firmware
breech~culasse
beseechingly~une voix suppliante
aid's~sida
fettle's~fettle's
conjuration's~de conjuration
painting's~peintures
Oscar's~Oscar
detestation~detestation
maharani~Maharani
buttercups~renoncules
exhortation's~exhortation's
depart~depart
boding~Boding
Taegu's~Taegu de
cozens~cozens
chub~chevaine
Bamako~Bamako
disorder's~disorder's
wounder~wounder
corruptness~corruptness
ulcerated~ulcérée
subhuman's~de subhumaines
Sabina's~Sabina de
drumbeat's~drumbeat's
pickax~pioche
scoundrel's~scélérat de
frequents~frequents
woodwind~bois
tux's~Années tux
moronically~moronically
HDTV~HDTV
pollard~têtard
waistcoats~gilets
march~Mars
housekeeper~gouvernante
unfurnished~non meublé
tantrum~colère
outdistancing~distançant
civically~civically
turntable's~plaque tournante de
bonkers~cinglé
unending~interminable
scruffy~miteux
pendent~pendant
contumaciously~contumaciously
ceasing~cesser
soulfully~soulfully
yardarms~vergues
Pb~Pb
single~unique
revelries~revelries
brassiere~soutien-gorge
portraiture~l'art du portrait
kc~kc
addressing~adressage
contractor's~contractor's
militaristic~militariste
cornstalk's~cornstalk's
rhubarbs~rhubarbe
pudginess~pudginess
verifying~vérification
Bohemian~bohémien
dashboards~dashboards
sporing~sporulant
tarsi~tarses
cocoon's~cocon de
concurrency~concurrency
Bauer~Bauer
gremlins~gremlins
scoundrels~scélérats
leaseholder's~de emphytéote
handicapping~handicapping
trued~rectifiée
Isidro~Isidro
quadruplicating~quadruplicating
reserve's~réserves
Waldo's~Waldo
intensiveness~intensivité
done~done
swordfish's~espadon années
riverside~bord de l'eau
valetudinarianism~valetudinarianism
weevils~charançons
quitclaim~quitclaim
stub's~talon de
disrupts~disrupts
assuring~assurant
October's~octobre de
storekeeper's~boutiquier de
brazers~brazers
peptides~des peptides
shad~alose
housemates~colocataires
frumps~frumps
Waldo~waldo
foxglove~foxglove
Fernando~Fernando
pawed~tripoté
reproach~reproche
setter~setter
bondholders~les détenteurs d'obligations
consumerists~consumerists
Cato~Cato
garden's~garden's
acquittals~acquittements
infielders~joueurs de champ intérieur
wheel~roue
convulsion's~convulsion's
governess~governess
dictated~dictated
likest~likest
commandant~commandant
drubbers~drubbers
informing~délation
awareness~conscience
trombone's~trombone de
Mulligan's~Mulligan
penuche's~Années penuche
deathless~deathless
stack~empiler
rugby~le rugby
gizzard~gizzard
McNamara~McNamara
novitiate~noviciat
engine~engine
waterboards~wateringues
dishonesty's~dishonesty's
Kwan's~Kwan de
geranium~geranium
Ephesian~Éphèse
Hicks~Hicks
entrenchment~entrenchment
internist's~de interniste
shekel~shekel
clinger's~clinger de
metallurgical~métallurgique
submissiveness~soumission
bellhop's~groom de
Foch~Foch
strops~estropes
recombination~recombinaison
arbitrating~arbitrant
Abbott's~Abbott
rootlessness~déracinement
Lepke~Lepke
onlooker's~spectateurs
sybaritic~sybarite
throatiness's~fanon de
perforation's~perforation de
Dodge~Esquiver
exactingly~exactingly
slummer~slummer
knurled~moletée
association's~les associations
ordainment's~de ordination
vulgarisation~vulgarisation
pretzel~bretzel
ledgers~les grands livres
totem~totem
obtuse~obtus
rummaging~fouillant
ginseng's~ginseng's
kilohertz's~kilohertz de
filliped~filliped
announcement's~de l'annonce
Monegasque's~monégasque de
calibrator~calibrateur
shiftlessness~shiftlessness
propane's~propane de
skirmisher~accrocheur
dogsbodies~dogsbodies
rattlesnake's~serpent à sonnette de
overplaying~exagérant
rainmaking~qui fait pleuvoir
whirl's~tourbillon de
housebreaking's~de cambriolages
reconsecrates~reconsecrates
charterer's~affréteurs de
sops~PON
amending~amendement
jocundity~jocundity
Tlaloc~Tlaloc
fitness's~fitness's
window's~les fenêtres
woodmen~bûcherons
balsamic~balsamique
FAQ's~FAQ
billboards~panneaux d'affichage
impurity~impureté
metallic~métallique
purgatories~purgatoires
siding's~de revêtement
recurrence~récurrence
alleles~allèles
UFO's~OVNI
midst~milieu
safari~safari
Jacquard's~Jacquard de
canvas~Toile
didoes~didoes
Murrow~Murrow
idolatress's~idolâtre de
rollover~rouler
onscreen~À l'écran
piteousness~piteousness
Aries's~Années Bélier
scab's~de briseurs de grève de
skylights~puits de lumière
lube~lube
syndrome's~sYNDROME
drunk's~drunk's
symbolism~symbolisme
Carolyn's~Carolyn de
snappers~vivaneaux
tithe~dîme
bloatware~bloatware
ketchup's~ketchup de
Laval~Laval
acquiescence's~acquiescement de
pressurizer's~pressuriseur de
Hatsheput's~Hatchepsout de
receptionist~réceptionniste
Washingtonian's~Washingtonian de
migraines~migraines
Hayworth's~Hayworth de
extemporisation~extemporisation
Christmastide's~Années Christmastide
coexisting~coexistant
Copperfield's~Copperfield
diagonally~diagonally
stoutest~stoutest
Hals's~Années Hals
zinnia~zinnia
manful~courageux
tiers~niveaux
robustly~avec vigueur
rumblings~grondements
Goethals~Goethals
WATS's~WATS de
syllabified~syllabifié
curtailment's~curtailment's
Shiloh~Shiloh
middy's~Middy de
vicious~vicieux
Hampshire~Hampshire
Lassa's~Lassa de
reluctant~réticent
fevered~fevered
Hephaestus's~Héphaïstos de
undemonstratively~undemonstratively
testimonial's~témoignage de
externalised~externalised
zests~zestes
audaciousness's~de audaciousness
moues~moues
lathers~savonne
combinations~combinaisons
chirrup's~gazouillement de
autoworkers~autoworkers
alliterating~alliterating
tachograph~tachygraphe
turbocharge~turbocharge
bracketed~placé entre crochets
squeegees~raclettes
mobs~foules
tumescence's~de tumescence
brotherhood~fraternité
stepping~pas à pas
misuse's~l'utilisation abusive de
September~septembre
pathos~pathétique
leaflets~dépliants
steadies~Béquilles
Malayan's~malaise de
entering~entering
passengers~passagers
ukase's~oukase de
railing~balustrade
carbons~atomes de carbone
wilful~délibéré
evoking~evoking
gastric~gastric
literature~Littérature
rumble's~rumble de
ageist~âgiste
rebids~rappele
jags~Jags
categorisation's~catégorisation de
Ac's~Ac de
fictionalised~fictionalised
kiwifruit~kiwifruit
Tuscarora's~Tuscarora de
Dalmatians~Dalmatiens
redirects~réoriente
deforms~deforms
ageism's~de l'âgisme
hornet's~de frelon
ramps~rampes
Chase's~Chase
provider's~fournisseurs
tomtit~mésange
beanbags~sacs de fèves
gumming~gumming
philtre~philtre
egomania's~egomania's
removal's~l'enlèvement de
Pb's~Pb de
Peace's~paix de
Locke~Locke
gouge's~gouge's
accompaniment's~de l'accompagnement
Marianas's~Années Mariannes
commission~commission
sallowness~teint jaunâtre
anthrax's~de la maladie du charbon
thighbones~fémurs
shoemaker's~bottier de
unbridled~débridé
buttress's~contrefort de
bemusement's~effarement de
PM's~les PM
Scottish's~écossais de
gorging~gorging
disesteemed~disesteemed
insobriety~intempérance
Rydberg's~Rydberg de
purist~puriste
revenge's~revanche
prophets~prophètes
Love's~L'amour de
vividness's~de vivacité
tranquillises~tranquillise
pleasanter~pleasanter
sentimentalisation's~sentimentalisation de
leaseholders~locataires
buttresses~arcs-boutants
newsletter's~le bulletin d'information
Seconal~Seconal
Frederic's~Frédéric de
incrementalist's~de gradualiste
Carthaginian's~carthaginoise de
radiology~radiologie
lieutenant~lieutenant
highboy's~de highboy
snake's~serpents
adjusting~réglage
encroachment's~encroachment's
presbyteries~presbytères
verification's~vérification de
Aristarchus~Aristarque
wholes~totalités
hotheadedly~hotheadedly
Heywood's~Heywood de
soberness~sobriété
Dagwood~Dagwood
floaters~floaters
reversion~réversion
Dixielands~Dixielands
raking~ratissage
broadsides~bordées
crashed~crashed
pall's~Pall de
taffeta~taffetas
legatee~légataire
crookneck's~crookneck's
unmercifully~unmercifully
deputed~deputed
dolefulness~dolefulness
epidermises~epidermises
mountainous~montagneux
horticulturalist~horticultrice
carped~carped
stargazing~stargazing
flagons~flagons
johnnycake~johnnycake
masses~masses
brae~Brae
chasuble's~Années chasuble
inimically~inimically
Phobos~phobos
injuries~blessures
rickshaw~pousse-pousse
trustfulness's~de trustfulness
firebomb~firebomb
shipmate~compagnon de bord
AstroTurf's~Astroturf de
sodomites~sodomites
mellifluous~mélodieux
Kareem~Kareem
perceives~perçoit
gone~gone
trample~bafouer
radiographers~radiologues
teaspoons~cuillères à café
manhunt's~chasse à l'homme de
stenosis~sténose
Springsteen's~Springsteen
fabrication~fabrication
Passion's~Passions
Craig~Craig
Judy's~Judy
harmfulness's~harmfulness's
supermodel's~Années top model
brainstorming~brainstorming
naming~appellation
impanels~impanels
plaguing~Harcelante
unclassified~non classé
Torrens's~Torrens de
dovecote~dovecote
millimetre's~millimètre de
registers~registres
machined~usiné
hiccuped~hoqueta
federalists~federalists
casket's~cercueil de
advertorials~publireportages
Gilbert~Gilbert
frenzy~frenzy
cannot~ne peux pas
fretful~fretful
alkaloids~alcaloïdes
yuppie~yuppie
disapprove~disapprove
immolate~immoler
biconcave~biconcave
snakiest~snakiest
GPA~GPA
bebop's~bebop de
adepts~adeptes
embanking~embanking
tote~fourre-tout
John's~Jean
anthropologically~anthropologiquement
Sheffield's~Sheffield de
pensioner~retraité
Kirinyaga's~Kirinyaga de
commingling~Amalgame
relevancy~pertinence
oafishly~oafishly
mythologies~Mythologies
scamper's~de détalent
flag's~flag's
Glastonbury's~glastonbury de
intriguingly~intrigant
nickers~nickers
inviolability~inviolabilité
Po's~PO
airliner's~avion de ligne de
forgets~forgets
manipulative~manipulatrice
Iblis's~Iblis de
worsens~aggrave
fricassee~fricassee
Ireland~Irlande
evacuation's~evacuation's
hoofed~ongulé
began~a commencé
halters~halters
pathway's~voie de
Genaro~Genaro
flavour's~flavour's
landward~landward
election's~election's
woodcutter~bûcheron
dodging~dodging
Lagrange's~Lagrange de
glottal~glottal
fetchingly~fetchingly
dustpans~dustpans
shadowboxing~shadowboxing
syllabification's~syllabification de
Hildebrand~Hildebrand
bimetallic's~bimétallique de
draughtiest~draughtiest
resharpening~raffûtage
duff~duff
bling~bling
jammy~poisseux
reconnoitring~reconnaissance
tortoise~tortue
twiner's~Twiner de
huffy~fâché
snore~ronfler
purposelessness~purposelessness
ex's~ex's
Irvin~Irvin
enlistments~enlistments
Sankara~Shankara
they're~ils sont
wilder~wilder
intercepted~interceptés
asexual~asexué
biosphere~biosphère
Compaq~Compaq
shard's~de tesson
wisecracks~wisecracks
reembarks~reembarks
covetously~covetously
drily~drily
LOGO~LOGO
worms~vers
Coolidge~Coolidge
outcries~vociférations
auks~alcidés
stamp~timbre
loafers~flâneurs
gulf's~gulf's
Cherokee~Cherokee
teatime~l'heure du thé
reputability~réputation
neurologist~neurologue
cowl's~cowl's
characterising~caractérisante
compendium's~recueil de
compose~composer
emollient~emollient
bonding~une liaison
atomiser~atomiser
Menuhin~Menuhin
hereby~par la présente
plagiary~plagiaire
Gouda's~Gouda de
immerses~immerge
synopsis's~synopsis de
Kazakhstan's~Kazakhstan de
labia~labia
resist~résister
hatefulness~haïssable
placers~placers
Brookes~Brookes
hoarfrost~givre
Fr's~Fr de
minuends~minuends
pilfered~chapardé
mood~ambiance
congregant~congregant
Hercules's~Hercules de
rhizome~rhizome
funiculars~funiculars
functionalities~functionalities
selecting~sélection
Ozarks~Ozarks
shuttlecock's~de shuttlecock
landless's~sans terre de
percipience~Percevoir
summoner's~invocateur de
girl's~girl's
Alembert~Alembert
anomaly~anomalie
leaper's~Leaper de
hunting's~de chasse
sentimentalism~sentimentalisme
Hiram~Hiram
cheekbone~pommette
stickup~braquage
stipendiary~stipendiary
bracero's~bracero de
mantelpiece's~de cheminée
truffles~truffes
loyaler~loyaler
Concord~Concorde
unbelieving~incrédule
catapult~catapulte
quaver~croche
hyphenate's~Tiret de
shortstop~arrêt-court
quantum's~quantique de
throne~trône
neutralising~neutralisation
wench's~de donzelle
archive's~les archives
pastel~pastel
gewgaws~gewgaws
unfunny~unfunny
panorama's~panorama de
mutter~murmurer
Clara~Clara
spotted~à pois
Brooks's~Brooks de
crisis~crisis
Tim~Tim
gullibility~gullibility
perplex~embarrasser
atavist's~atavique de
epidurals~epidurals
neurotransmitters~neurotransmetteurs
Mauritanian~Mauritanie
catapults~catapultes
fatherland's~fatherland's
capital~Capitale
Bolshoi's~Bolchoï de
lorries~camions
Andalusian's~Années andalouses
picnicking~pique-niquer
lace's~lacets
booby's~booby de
emend~emend
recondition~remettre à neuf
uptick's~de fluctuation minimale du cours
straitlaced~straitlaced
bridesmaid's~demoiselles d'honneur de
lunge~se précipiter
bugaboos~Bugaboos
Tories~conservateurs
defrosting~defrosting
merely~seulement
galas~galas
Harper's~Harper
brunets~Brunets
brollies~Ombrelle
strangulation's~de strangulation
northwestwards~northwestwards
Trina~Trina
disassembled~disassembled
backbiting~médisance
afterlives~afterlives
dissatisfaction~dissatisfaction
booms~booms
Milo~Milo
zeroed~remis à zéro
adverbs~les adverbes
grommet~grommet
muskrats~rats musqués
cupcake~cupcake
Mervin's~Mervin de
extortioner~extortioner
shuttered~volets clos
mucous~muqueux
palpates~palpe
creation's~creation's
aroma~arôme
Suffolk's~Suffolk de
warns~met en garde
tappets~taquets
vehicle's~Véhicules
scarified~scarifié
acne~acné
bicarb~bicarb
latecomer~retardataire
enfilading~enfilading
gladiators~gladiators
incorruptible~incorruptible
cheesecake's~gâteau au fromage de
scourer's~dégraisseur de
anode~anode
wormiest~wormiest
internally~intérieurement
fluff's~fluff's
headquartering~headquartering
climbs~escalades
excavate~excavate
legality~légalité
move's~se déplace
breadlines~breadlines
whetstones~aiguisoirs
passive's~passive de
persevering~persévérant
Samoset~Samoset
chrism~chrême
reefing~enrouleurs
aggregation's~agrégation de
Jocelyn's~Jocelyn
containerise~containerise
articulateness's~de articulateness
fraternisation~fraternisation
crossbones~crossbones
chequered~à carreaux
locker~casier
apologias~apologies
waterline~ligne de flottaison
singular's~du singulier
hooted~hulula
shapelessness~absence de forme
lifer~condamné à vie
pantos~pantos
admirably~admirablement
sputter~crépitement
ravings~délire
eventualities~eventualities
droopier~droopier
snaffling~snaffling
slithery~slithery
snippiest~snippiest
Sylvie~Sylvie
charcoal~charbon
incapacity's~incapacité de
scrota~scrotums
grossed~grossed
Marjory's~Marjory de
decoration~decoration
yeasty~écumeux
dogmas~dogmas
workflow~flux de travail
edict~edict
stinginess~avarice
Olsen~Olsen
fantasies~fantasies
importance's~importance de
Carranza~Carranza
governs~governs
hmm~hmm
Roget~Roget
mineralogy's~minéralogie de
temple's~temple de
obliviousness~oubli
wedding's~de mariage
joints~les articulations
trash~poubelle
soar~monter en flèche
hooded~encapuchonné
servitor~servitor
hermaphrodites~hermaphrodites
firmly~firmly
Seminole~Seminole
kumquat's~kumquat de
Helios~Helios
clumping~agglutination
Beerbohm's~Beerbohm de
acetylene~acétylène
restrained~restreint
tannin~tanin
outcast~banni
Lanzhou~Lanzhou
hydrocephalus's~de l'hydrocéphalie
variability~variabilité
factorises~factorises
pulpits~chaires
squarest~plus carré
SO~ALORS
Ina's~Ina de
coffin's~cercueil de
wad~liasse
xiii~xiii
disgruntlement~disgruntlement
Kingstown~Kingstown
Winfred~Winfred
prosperity's~la prospérité de
haymow's~de haymow
conurbations~conurbations
undetermined~indéterminé
contemporary's~contemporary's
armlets~brassards
Shauna~Shauna
TDD~TDD
report's~rapports
civics~instruction civique
emendation~emendation
Croat's~croate de
gall~gall
overstock~encombrer
flapping~flapping
softwood~bois tendre
monkey~singe
spryness~spryness
transistorised~transistorisé
woodsman's~de bûcheron
juridically~juridiquement
fuck~fuck
emotionally~emotionally
Lutheranisms~Lutheranisms
tuba's~tuba de
cogitative~médité
choirboys~enfants de chœur
Fredric's~Fredric de
breathe~respirer
backbiter's~de médisant
phaseout's~élimination progressive de
Av's~Années Av
crybaby~crybaby
quadrangles~quadrilatères
dye's~dye's
Sanskrit's~sanscrit de
Schindler~Schindler
assoc~assoc
beeves~beeves
assortments~assortiments
Miro's~Miro
intoned~entonné
brownout~brownout
aromatherapist~aromathérapeute
irreversibly~irréversiblement
Tchaikovsky~Tchaïkovski
archived~archivé
Judith~Judith
roes~laitances
heath's~Heath
screen~écran
Millet~Millet
icebox's~glacière de
rephrases~reformule
chromed~chromé
sugary~sucré
repetitively~répétitivement
particleboard's~agglomérée de
diversionary~diversionary
bravura~bravura
polyp~polype
tartans~tartans
diaspora's~diaspora's
plum's~prunes
shipper~expéditeur
dynastic~dynastic
anxiousness~anxiousness
liturgy's~liturgie de
speleologist's~spéléologue de
helix's~hélice de
flyleaf's~flyleaf's
dentally~dentally
coasted~côtoyé
acclimated~acclimatés
jams~confitures
milady's~Milady
episodic~episodic
sachem~sachem
larynx's~larynx de
amblers~ambleurs
prearrangement~prearrangement
phases~phases
suppler~suppler
futurist~futurist
superchargers~surpresseurs
sinfulness's~de pécheresse
anecdotes~anecdotes
limbless~sans membres
Leonor~Leonor
thief's~voleur de
ashamedly~honteusement
bluestocking~bas-bleu
tumour~tumeur
octavo's~octavo de
bunny's~Bunny
runt~avorton
quests~quêtes
spiritually~spirituellement
intervene~intervenir
pugnacious~pugnace
Rayleigh's~rayleigh de
joust~joute
Stromboli~Stromboli
corseting~corseting
rigours~rigueurs
sensitising~sensibilisante
pranksters~farceurs
automatism~automatisme
degeneracy~degeneracy
Saunders's~Saunders de
relapses~rechutes
concentrating~concentration
catfishes~catfishes
quarantining~mise en quarantaine
pugilist~pugiliste
tabulated~sous forme de tableau
apartment~appartement
officially~officiellement
extravagance~extravagance
Boreas~Boréas
cockles~cockles
Kristopher~Kristopher
heatwave~la canicule
kook's~kook de
peacefully~pacifiquement
statistic~statistique
cajolers~cajolers
vibes's~vibes de
supervening~supervening
unapologetic~sans complexe
antimacassar~têtière
herder~Herder
versioning~versioning
legman's~Legman de
progression's~la progression de
dinged~dinged
barnstorm~faire une tournée électorale
hatchery's~écloserie de
glorious~glorious
Saratov~saratov
permit's~permis de
secy~secy
Harte~Harte
Balboa's~Balboa années
Fitzroy's~Fitzroy de
contend~contend
computed~calculé
autobiography's~autobiographie
Belem's~Belem de
replacements~remplaçants
Iva~Iva
mill's~mill
outward~vers l'extérieur
pursuance's~application de
tole's~tole de
membrane's~membrane de
Sinbad's~Sinbad
heartthrob~heartthrob
JP~JP
wooziest~wooziest
pans~des casseroles
bountiful~généreux
podcasting~podcasting
Poisson's~de Poisson
hawked~colportés
confusion's~confusion de
Nora~Nora
precipitant's~de précipitants
agents~agents
notifier's~notificateur de
bootlegs~bootlegs
girlhood~girlhood
defaced~defaced
nervousness~nervosité
chatterboxes~chatterboxes
Frankie's~Frankie
radicchio~radicchio
dag~dag
clinician's~PRATICIEN
chlorophyll's~de la chlorophylle
vocab~vocab
publicists~publicistes
squamous~épidermoïde
overstates~surestime
precooking~précuisson
stratagem~stratagème
switchable~commutable
Johannesburg's~Johannesburg de
Molokai~Molokai
spiritualism~spiritualisme
mastic~du mastique
PAC's~PAC de
larynges~larynx
curls~curls
bootees~bottillons
interconnections~interconnexions
listener~auditeur
vibraphonist~vibraphoniste
pearling~perlière
airbag~airbag
Joplin~Joplin
bureaucratisation~bureaucratisation
film~film
barnstormed~barnstormed
vinyls~vinyls
preachiest~preachiest
slangiest~slangiest
ON~SUR
figs~figs
disinflation~disinflation
Dejesus's~DeJesus de
permanency's~de permanence
overpraise~faire des éloges excessifs
kraut~kraut
fording~fording
resharpened~réaffûtés
insight~perspicacité
sicko's~Sicko de
Hadrian's~Hadrien
Northeasts~Northeasts
conserved~préservé
whinny's~hennissement de
dwindles~dwindles
deliriums~deliriums
peddle~colporter
superlative~superlatif
liveryman's~de liveryman
gravitational~gravitational
chicory's~chicorée de
photo's~Photos
States~États
deafness's~deafness's
tipster's~de pronostiqueur
dishonestly~dishonestly
interconnected~interconnecté
dominating~dominating
drowse's~drowse's
chicory~chicorée
Okeechobee~Okeechobee
Pinter's~Pinter
footie~footie
impetuous~impétueux
gumshoe's~gumshoe's
sorrel~oseille
banquets~banquets
freedoms~freedoms
consents~consentements
anodes~anodes
okapi~okapi
Lang~Lang
Mozilla~Mozilla
building~bâtiment
transmigrate~transmigrer
ensigns~ensigns
minoxidil's~minoxidil de
perpendicularity's~de perpendicularité
commodification~réification
p~p
subjecting~soumettre
portray~représenter
eunuchs~eunuchs
gatecrasher~gatecrasher
McDonnell~McDonnell
airman's~navigants
Mathew's~Mathew de
ninety's~quatre-vingt dix années
novelette's~novelette de
unbending~inflexible
gasp~gasp
salesmanship's~de salesmanship
Montoya's~Montoya de
opponents~adversaires
candidly~candidement
supplements~suppléments
Planck's~Planck
Dominique~Dominique
divisor's~divisor's
SC's~SC de
declined~declined
mystically~mystiquement
Kshatriya~Kshatriya
Arcturus~Arcturus
Mitzi's~Mitzi de
ding~ding
conglomeration's~de conglomération
harness~harnais
prologues~prologues
hilariously~hilarante
biyearly~semestrielle et
despising~despising
Australian's~Australiens
objectives~objectifs
fourposters~fourposters
megachurches~megachurches
Dzerzhinsky~Dzerjinski
delirium's~delirium's
untapped~inexploité
hose~tuyau
catches~prises
Prensa's~Prensa de
prodigy~prodige
smallholdings~métairies
batterers~agresseurs
intelligentsia's~intelligentsia de
encumbered~encumbered
sibylline~sibyllin
downright~downright
abstain~abstention
firebreaks~firebreaks
modesty~modestie
Webb~Webb
ramifies~ramifie
serviceman~militaire
throne's~le trône de
oppressive~oppressif
attentiveness~attention
sex's~son sexe
codex~manuscrit
adjudicative~arbitrage
extra's~extra's
megacycle~megacycle
friedcakes~friedcakes
classicism~classicisme
raccoon~raton laveur
Palomar's~Palomar de
undersexed~de faible libido
Mindy's~Mindy de
pidgin~sabir
duplexes~duplexes
depoliticising~depoliticising
carouser~Carouser
contrabassoon~contrabassoon
adeptly~adeptly
Miguel~Miguel
presbyters~presbytres
Kerri~Kerri
secedes~fait sécession
timeout's~délai d'attente de
drags~drags
screwy~tordu
bullfinch~bouvreuil
recessional~recessional
Vietcong's~Vietcong de
primacy~primauté
PET~ANIMAL DE COMPAGNIE
perfume~parfum
messeigneurs~messeigneurs
syllabus~programme
swooping~élancées
keeping's~de maintien
recalculates~recalcule
dyestuff's~dyestuff's
Erector's~de érecteur
karakul's~Karakul de
Banks~Banques
marquetry~marqueterie
Levi's~Lévi's
corner's~corner's
organism~organisme
hastiness's~de emportement
Motown's~Motown de
Bosporus's~bosporus de
babe's~Babe
muckrake~déterrer de scandales
Indra's~Indra de
lugubriously~lugubrement
inexpertly~inexperte
polkas~polkas
explosion~explosion
bedazzle~stupéfier
scrambling~brouillage
rush~se ruer
terraces~terrasses
Megan~Megan
Delawares~Delawares
confessedly~confessedly
multiracial~multiracial
screenwriter's~scénariste de
TELNETs~TELNETs
interrupters~interrupteurs
lei's~Lei
keelhauls~keelhauls
terminating~se terminant
sophomoric~sophomoric
limned~toute peinte
Jackson~Jackson
Minolta's~Minolta de
latch~loquet
plosives~occlusives
Villon~Villon
trammels~entraves
fulfilment's~fulfilment's
dour~dour
emancipating~emancipating
radiomen~filistes
underachievement~underachievement
enchantment's~enchantment's
accountability's~la responsabilité de
hottie~bombasse
Schuylkill~schuylkill
thanksgiving~action de grâces
ht~ht
coldly~froidement
gatecrash~gatecrash
crocodiles~crocodiles
nattier~Nattier
unreasonably~déraisonnablement
surplus's~de surplus
custard's~custard's
semen~sperme
subcompacts~subcompacts
unearth~dénicher
swindle's~duperie de
overwhelm~submerger
anticlimaxes~anticlimaxes
nobelium's~nobélium de
fightback~fightback
Braille's~Braille de
spearfish~Spearfish
waywardness's~de waywardness
demonstrates~demonstrates
fixations~fixations
attorney~avocat
Caesar~César
anemone~anémone
burnooses~burnous
resound~retentir
pod's~PODs
demote~demote
stagehands~stagehands
fragrant~fragrant
retrofitting~rééquipement
voluble~volubile
unblock~Débloquer
smartness~élégance
fishhook~fishhook
absolutists~absolutistes
bacilli~bacilles
Yorktown~Yorktown
housewares's~années articles ménagers
Barbarossa's~Barbarossa de
discrepancy's~discrepancy's
needlepoint~tapisserie à l'aiguille
straightening~redressement
anatomist's~anatomiste de
uninteresting~inintéressant
ramp's~rampe de
researcher's~des chercheurs
watering~larmoiement
whup~whup
windsock's~windsock de
Brattain~Brattain
Cornelius's~Cornelius de
whys~pourquoi
discolouration~discolouration
genitourinary~genitourinary
sheeting's~des bâches de
glides~glides
schooldays~jours d'école
junket~voyage
triathlon's~de triathlon
squealing~crissement
spicule~spicule
conurbation~conurbation
ere~ere
Sagan~Sagan
specialist~spécialiste
seductiveness~séductions
ethereal~ethereal
mambo~mambo
torpid~engourdi
policyholder's~preneur d'assurance
stinger~Stinger
fibrefill's~fibrefill's
coaxial~coaxial
testatrix's~testatrice de
Wiles's~Années Wiles
Mort's~Mort de
thermally~thermiquement
turbocharger's~turbocompresseur de
desiderata~desiderata
jawbreaker~jawbreaker
perfumers~parfumeurs
deliverer's~deliverer's
trickier~plus délicat
taxidermist's~de taxidermiste
raiser~éleveur
Somme~Somme
particle~particule
ravisher~ravisseur
indecency's~l'indécence de
bulldogs~bouledogues
Jeannine's~Jeannine
skimpy~maigre
physiologist's~physiologiste de
clapper~battant
Iquitos's~Iquitos de
chauvinist~chauvin
heeding~Ne écoutant
dumbness~dumbness
Brobdingnagian's~de Brobdingnagian
bratty~bratty
Mercer~Mercer
sirloin's~faux-filet de
embolism~embolism
spelling~orthographe
Mencken's~Mencken de
frustratingly~frustratingly
K~K
inner~interne
obstreperously~bruyamment
fastener's~fastener's
occupancy~occupation
NSA's~NSA
decentralisation's~decentralisation's
poltroon~poltron
detecting~detecting
crufted~crufted
Churriguera's~Churriguera de
reverences~révérences
theosophical~théosophique
chipmunk's~tamia de
squish's~Années gargouillis
bate~bate
jet's~jet de
usher's~usher
everywhere~everywhere
perseverance~persévérance
strikers~grévistes
haircut~haircut
farming~farming
Gwendoline~Gwendoline
acutest~plus aiguë
tails~queues
Himalayas's~Himalaya de
squid~calamar
flatfeet~flatfeet
warps~funes
Luna~Luna
bobs~bobs
weirdo's~cinglé de
nonracial~non raciale
bursts~éclats
leches~leches
pique's~piqué de
Sony~Sony
poniards~poignards
Rodriguez's~Rodriguez de
Appalachians~appalaches
gastropod~gastropod
schoolgirl~écolière
retrenchment~retranchement
Ximenes~Ximenes
gigantic~gigantic
potteries~potteries
intrudes~immisce
Vassar~Vassar
hood~capuche
initialise~initialise
union's~union de
Rimbaud's~Rimbaud
arbitrated~arbitrées
stylising~stylisant
newspaperman~journaliste
sentries~factionnaires
cramps~cramps
catalepsy's~de catalepsie
spotty~à pois
pared~pared
Mill's~Mill
deployed~deployed
milieus~milieux
chino~chino
brainchild~idée originale
legalises~légalise
waste~déchets
subconsciously~subconsciemment
agonisingly~agonizingly
liquidised~liquidised
hiphuggers~hiphuggers
ticket~billet
inflammation~inflammation
Hawking's~Hawking de
flush~flush
reversibility~réversibilité
supreme~suprême
hallmarks~hallmarks
hybridises~hybridée
lagniappe's~Années Lagniappe
Beaumarchais~Beaumarchais
Hegira's~hégire de
chump's~Chump de
brevity's~brièveté de
earwig~earwig
pollutant's~polluant de
aftershave~après-rasage
impracticality's~impraticabilité de
coinsurance~coassurance
froze~froze
fallowed~fallowed
Trollope's~Trollope de
broil~griller
password~mot de passe
unkindness's~de duretés
Kanchenjunga's~Kanchenjunga de
Iqaluit's~Iqaluit de
chamberlain~chambellan
impracticality~manque de réalisme
multilateral~multilatéral
opprobriously~opprobriously
onomatopoetic~onomatopéique
defecates~defecates
ideologist's~idéologue de
talliers~totalisateurs
pinch~pincer
dismemberment's~dismemberment's
cocaine~cocaïne
conduits~conduits
agave~agave
weaves~tisse
catholicity's~de catholicité
balm's~années baume
advisability's~opportunité de
Kitty's~Kitty
herbaceous~herbacé
Pushkin~Pouchkine
Andy~Andy
Tupi's~Tupi de
frippery's~frippery's
severity~gravité
vigilantist~vigilantist
balsa~balsa
nightshade's~morelle de
Okinawa's~Okinawa de
Gnostic~gnostique
unconnected~sans rapport
meditatively~méditatif
NYSE~NYSE
pinnate~pinnate
nosedive's~piquer du nez de
jemmying~jemmying
closeup~fermer
deflowering~deflowering
phrenologist~phrénologiste
publicise~publier
anaesthetising~anesthésiante
zygote's~zygote de
undervaluing~sous-évaluation
section~section
disfigured~disfigured
vying~concurrence
intercom~interphone
rapping~rap
hairdressers~hairdressers
Easterner~Easterner
conclusions~conclusions
acclimates~acclimate
ransom~une rançon
Platte~Platte
hecklers~chahuteurs
cacophony's~de cacophonie
Hesse~Hesse
renegers~renegers
suffocated~étouffés
blessedness~bonheur
durum's~durum's
stopgap~bouche-trou
storytellers~narrateurs
teenyboppers~teenyboppers
declensions~declensions
quicklime~chaux vive
cures~cures
Chrystal's~Chrystal de
Amber~ambre
Eisenstein~Eisenstein
madness's~la folie de
capitulating~capitule
Vegemite~Vegemite
Algonquin~Algonquin
confine~confiner
inhospitable~inhospitalier
vulvae~vulvaire
renovate~rénover
avuncular~avunculaire
marble's~marbres
prosperity~la prospérité
zooplankton~zooplanctons
help's~aide de
arrogant~arrogant
mans~mans
seeing~voyant
aster's~aster de
crullers~crullers
hustings~campagne électorale
Bryon~Bryon
thunderclap~coup de tonnerre
zoom's~zoom de
sexagenarian's~de sexagenarian
peskiness~peskiness
doddle~doddle
triathlons~triathlons
downfield~downfield
Algeria's~l'Algérie
forecast's~forecast's
relaxed~détendu
GMT~GMT
Ronald's~Ronald de
cowhands~cowhands
dandelions~dandelions
grievousness~grievousness
skirmished~accrochages
destitute~destitute
Locke's~Locke
playhouse~théâtre
chimp's~chimpanzé de
Qataris~Qatariens
Macias~Macias
tangibleness's~tangibleness de
mahatma~mahatma
Veronese~Veronese
bashfulness~timidité
nobodies~nullités
Elise's~d'Elise
entered~entered
humbug~fumisterie
relapsed~rechuté
rubble's~gravats de
toward~vers
Hermosillo's~Hermosillo de
radiocarbon~radiocarbone
fob~fob
Samoan's~samoan de
Doctorow~Doctorow
cottoning~cottoning
wailing~pleurs
macaroon's~macarons
hollered~a hurlé
spoon~cuillère
phrenologists~phrénologistes
Lesa's~Lesa de
Elnath~Elnath
multiparty~pluripartite
cheekbones~pommettes saillantes
Arabic's~Arabe de
hell's~l'enfer de
belt's~ceinture
referral's~le renvoi de
nonexempt's~nonexempt de
information~information
downstage~downstage
clauses~clauses
clangers~Clangers
boulders~rochers
stray~égarer
sorrow~chagrin
Kelsey's~Kelsey de
asphyxiations~asphyxies
supercomputer's~supercalculateur
drapery's~drapery's
oiliness~onctuosité
dipstick's~dipstick's
schizophrenics~schizophréniques
tokenism's~de pure forme
bookplates~libris
rightful~légitime
monastical~monacale
barricades~barricades
lased~lased
terbium~terbium
mount's~montage de
breathalysing~breathalysing
actors~acteurs
retouch's~retouchez de
doggoning~doggoning
sensuality's~la sensualité
bounce~rebondir
withal~withal
backslapping's~de backslapping
fudge's~fudge's
stuffing~Rembourrage
silicone~silicone
waldos~Waldos
unhands~unhands
fixity's~fixity's
teleconference's~téléconférence de
squelches~squelches
pecuniary~pécuniaire
sundry~divers
bang~coup
Michelob~Michelob
crafty~crafty
collision~collision
twain~twain
accosted~accosté
harpist~harpiste
Baez~Baez
Gonzalez's~Gonzalez de
containerising~containerising
Jupiter's~Jupiter
detoxify~detoxify
thump's~bruit sourd de
repossession's~reprise de possession de
breviaries~bréviaires
truck's~camion de
hastier~Hastier
subhead's~de subhead
savaged~éreinté
heckler~siffleur
Smetana's~Smetana
luau~luau
nondiscrimination's~de la non-discrimination
gored~gored
hideout's~planque de
Wash~lavage
nutriment's~de nourriture
correspondences~correspondences
moderns~moderns
burgher's~burgher de
rho~rho
Ashlee~Ashlee
finer~finer
rollback~rollback
banker~banquier
countywide~countywide
munition~munition
festiveness's~festiveness's
rejigger~rejigger
prone~enclin
furrowed~furrowed
offbeats~contretemps
honers~honers
woken~pris conscience
Boeotian's~béotien de
dunking~dunking
Muhammadan's~Muhammadan de
outbalanced~contrebalancées
chipper~déchiqueteuse
spacey~planante
panhandlers~clochards
overdid~exagérait
Pygmalion~pygmalion
Accenture~Accenture
raindrop's~gouttes de pluie
club~club
sierras~sierras
LyX's~LyX de
picturesque~pittoresque
palindrome's~de palindrome
perambulation~déambulation
audio~l'audio
hooves~sabots
postdoc~postdoc
delayer~delayer
wheeler~affairiste
untrimmed~untrimmed
quasar~quasar
brunch~brunch
riflemen~riflemen
dingo~dingo
colourists~coloristes
fumble~fumble
foreknows~foreknows
bracelet~bracelet
farmer's~farmer's
demystifies~demystifies
swede's~de rutabaga
amphetamine's~amphétamine de
don~don
summons~assignation
gibberish~gibberish
senate~sénat
mountebank's~bateleur de
attainder's~de attainder
affairs~affaires
hierarchies~hiérarchies
Tasmania's~Tasmanie de
pyramidal~pyramidal
unlawfully~illégalement
nuzzler~Nuzzler
changeably~modifiable
Ruben's~Ruben de
IDs~ID
Marcelino~Marcelino
peripheries~pourtours
entertained~entertained
NT~NT
logoff~se déconnecter
Herminia's~Herminia de
infiltrated~infiltrés
commodities~produits
Helene~Hélène
derisiveness~derisiveness
tuxedo~smoking
Yemenite~yéménite
activating~activation
anaesthesia~anesthésie
Cassatt~Cassatt
neediest~plus nécessiteux
screwworms~lucilie bouchère
backtracks~backtracks
Moroccan~marocain
recharge~recharger
Bell~Cloche
sartorial~vestimentaire
client's~client de
turnabout~volte-face
tinctured~tinctured
Minsky~Minsky
interviewing~interviewant
timekeeper's~de chronométreur
trespasser's~de transgresseur
suck~sucer
art's~son art
heliotrope~héliotrope
liaising~assurer la liaison
lavaliere's~lavallière de
Chantilly~Chantilly
egotistically~egotistically
lionesses~lionnes
coupon~coupon
demolishes~demolishes
torturers~tortionnaires
chanters~chanters
persistence~persistance
lipreads~lipreads
devoutness's~devoutness's
Bronx's~Bronx de
Lesotho's~Lesotho de
voicelessness~voicelessness
idle~tourner au ralenti
Austen~Austen
wholeness~intégrité
Chad's~Tchad de
gloom's~gloom's
telemetry~télémétrie
leavens~levains
reciting~récitation
cotillion~cotillion
relisting~relistage
undershoot~undershoot
Runnymede's~Runnymede de
testicle's~testiculaire de
spleen's~de la rate de
tadpole's~têtard de
divorcees~divorcees
countersink~countersink
pedagogue~pédagogue
stoppage's~arrêt de
protozoan~protozoaire
omega's~Omega
loop's~boucles
stinkier~stinkier
canonises~canonise
chlordane's~de chlordane
shopfronts~shopfronts
sublimer~sublimateur
generator's~generator's
uncovering~découvrir
Adam~Adam
conferrer's~conferrer de
skitters~Skitters
Rourke's~Rourke de
gooseberry's~gooseberry's
teeters~Teeters
deferral's~deferral's
Burundi's~Burundi de
flammability~flammability
Lewis~Lewis
Ecclesiastes's~Ecclésiaste de
sulfonamides~sulfamides
Gropius~Gropius
baccarat's~baccarat de
proconsul~proconsul
lubberly~maladroit
murky~sombre
calligraphy~calligraphie
unweighted~non pondérée
tektites~tectites
sweetmeat~friandise
spearheading~fer de lance
lapped~rodées
horseflesh's~Années horseflesh
metabolised~métabolisé
isotope's~des isotopes de
staling~rancissement
Monera's~Monera de
timbrels~tambourins
casaba's~Années Casaba
disarmingly~disarmingly
slat~lamelle
concavity~concavité
Octavio~Octavio
transmitted~transmis
courgettes~courgettes
Gretchen's~Gretchen de
roiled~résonné
Cassius's~Cassius de
connections~les liaisons
cutlet~cutlet
Camelots~camelots
decimating~decimating
befit~BEFIT
transcend~transcender
rad's~rad de
folding~folding
Ananias~Ananias
accomplices~complices
minnesinger's~ménestrel de
depicting~depicting
housecleans~housecleans
Nathan's~Nathan
throw's~jet
robbers~voleurs
embalmers~embalmers
subversion~subversion
Praia's~Praia de
deacon's~deacon's
deescalated~deescalated
bucked~tronçonné
shallot~échalote
paltriness's~mesquinerie de
pucker~faux pli
VoIP~VoIP
Daryl's~Daryl
huskier~enrouée
Sinatra's~Sinatra
religious's~de religieux
backscratching's~de backscratching
prolapse's~de prolapsus
ambivalence's~l'ambivalence
compact's~est compact
quacked~quacked
Puerto~Puerto
bilateral~bilatéral
gunfighter~gunfighter
Catholicism's~Le catholicisme de
edify~edify
equivalences~equivalences
Grenadines's~Grenadines de
editorials~editorials
outbuilding~dépendance
husbanded~ménagé
superintendent's~surintendant de
Almohad~almohade
ramjet's~Années statoréacteurs
diverse~diverse
dinker~dinker
flora~flora
standardising~standardisation
clan's~Clans
forebode~forebode
engraving~engraving
starring~starring
baulked~baulked
scad's~chinchard de
levy's~prélèvement de
Jewish's~de juifs
colony~colonie
prow~proue
aardvark~Aardvark
supersaturates~supersaturates
foreclosure~foreclosure
decelerate~decelerate
Hermaphroditus's~Hermaphrodite de
insert's~insert de
Guy's~Les gars
cylinders~cylinders
vinaigrette~vinaigrette
gruffness's~gruffness's
bootlegged~bootlegged
Bridgett's~Bridgett de
Tanzania's~tanzanien
clogged~bouché
consort's~consort de
unnerving~déconcertant
nippier~nippier
roil~déstabiliserait
Okinawa~Okinawa
optics's~Années optique
gleans~gleans
Gish's~Années Gish
flippers~flippers
suds's~Années suds
diverticulitis's~diverticulitis's
levels~les niveaux
astonishing~étonnant
Hiawatha~Hiawatha
pistachio's~pistaches
Wonder~Merveille
Stockhausen~Stockhausen
outclassed~surclassé
Sidney's~Sidney de
kindergarten~Jardin d'enfants
devolution~devolution
Dante~Dante
slipways~cales de construction
thicken~épaissir
spades~piques
cheek's~des joues
backboard~panneau
hurler~Hurler
commodore's~commodore de
recommits~renouvelle son
seedless~sans pépins
spurn~éconduire
Putnam's~Putnam
collier's~charbonnier de
Waksman's~Waksman de
Juliana~Juliana
Reilly~Reilly
implies~implique
marginalia's~Années Marginalia
attained~atteint
repents~repent
globed~globed
quotidian~quotidien
fleshpots~fleshpots
faze~faze
nasturtium's~capucine de
Decalogue~décalogue
screwballs~screwballs
overshadowing~éclipsant
spectacular~spectaculaire
Goering~Goering
posses~posses
render's~rendre de
undeceives~détrompe
suspense's~suspense de
prefigured~préfiguré
discriminated~discriminated
dermatologist~dermatologist
Emery's~Emery de
surrogates~mères porteuses
haziest~les plus vagues
bluebell's~Bluebell de
Wendi~Wendi
recessionary~récessif
resume's~CV de
Grieg's~Grieg
launchpads~rampes de lancement
siroccos~siroccos
weakens~fragilise
concerting~concertant
mystery's~mystère de
Liechtenstein~Liechtenstein
woofing~woofing
periwinkles~bigorneaux
countersinks~countersinks
trivium's~Trivium de
convict's~convict's
speechify~discourir
sorrily~sorrily
remind~rappeler
anatomists~anatomistes
belied~démentie
profoundly~profondément
oracle~oracle
guarantees~guarantees
buffoon's~bouffon de
Scrabbles~Scrabbles
sunflowers~tournesols
necessitate~nécessiter
finch~finch
crocheted~crocheted
Farley's~Farley
miladies~miladies
howdy~Howdy
skeet~ball-trap
bedazzlement's~de l'éblouissement
plead~plaider
outmatched~surpassés
offence's~infraction de
skinny~maigre
enormous~enormous
Minneapolis~Minneapolis
recouped~récupéré
argumentativeness's~argumentativeness de
inebriation~enivrement
Cook's~Cook
tamarind~Tamarin
thwart~contrecarrer
revenue's~de chiffre d'affaires
debutante~debutante
characterful~characterful
skinhead's~skinhead de
mandating~rendant obligatoire
excitability~excitability
cutthroat~cutthroat
sailfish's~Années pélerin
mutilated~mutilé
floe's~floe's
correlates~correlates
defrauders~defrauders
debarks~debarks
agreeably~agréablement
jawbreaker's~Jawbreaker de
moonstone~pierre de lune
physiologic~Physiologic
Salvadoran~El Salvador
unaesthetic~inesthétique
photostatted~photocopié
toothbrushes~Brosses à dents
flocking~flocking
macadamises~macadamises
hibernates~veille prolongée
fags~fags
upperclasswoman~upperclasswoman
impressively~impressionnante
dab's~dab's
forkfuls~forkfuls
Morton's~Morton
operands~opérandes
unwashed~non lavés
Rhoda's~Rhoda de
everyday~everyday
schooner~goélette
sarsaparilla's~Années salsepareille
Galilee~Galilée
tribes~tribus
bairn's~Années Bairn
ticktocks~ticktocks
sluing~sluing
steerage~entrepont
soliloquised~soliloquised
Sudoku's~Sudoku de
cookhouse~cookhouse
encysting~encysting
mantled~Mantled
amelioration's~amélioration de
Adrenalins~Adrenalins
heartstrings~corde sensible
corrects~corrects
draughtiness~draughtiness
clii~clii
sphincter's~sphincter de
profiteering's~de profiteurs
dreamier~dreamier
equator~equator
duteously~duteously
Diderot~Diderot
savouring~savourant
protractors~rapporteurs
sandstorm~tempête de sable
protrudes~saillie
mummy~Maman
civilly~poliment
ephemera's~ephemera's
orangeade's~orangeade de
awning~store
sociable's~de sociable
ope~ope
inactivation~inactivation
brinks~Brinks
berk~connard
repairmen~réparateurs
rails~des rails
winch~treuil
phantasmagorias~fantasmagories
doings~doings
Backus~Backus
disgorgement~disgorgement
easiest~easiest
floorboards~floorboards
armature~armature
keypad's~clavier de
buzzers~buzzers
punctuation~ponctuation
Cheviot~Cheviot
scrunching~sculptant
xenophobia~xénophobie
nit~lente
rekindling~raviver le feu
condescension~condescendance
godchild's~godchild's
zestful~enthousiaste
filament~filament
realigned~réaligné
teetering~vacille
gunboats~gunboats
nature~la nature
sailplane's~de sailplane
microscopically~microscopiquement
waddling~dandinant
yukking~yukking
reiteration~réitération
palatalise~palatalise
freely~freely
humorist~humoriste
roadrunner's~Roadrunner de
audience~public
wrestlers~lutteurs
maximising~maximiser
Negro~nègre
blabbermouth's~pipelette de
lummoxes~lummoxes
obit~obit
Irishwoman's~Années Irishwoman
continuity~continuity
pupating~nymphoser
blunderers~gaffeurs
psychokinetic~psychokinétique
rancorously~rancorously
Deuteronomy~Deutéronome
regularity's~la régularité de
territorial~territorial
trampoline~trampoline
filmstrip~filmstrip
cladding~gainage
piousness~piété
aberrations~aberrations
bother~déranger
tormentor's~tourmenteur de
Heimlich~Heimlich
orchids~orchidées
Konrad~Konrad
wafted~wafted
frigging~frigging
Shiva's~Shiva de
lyrics~Paroles
reined~freiné
pitiable~pitoyable
soapsuds's~Années SoapSUDS
pecking~picorer
transgressors~transgresseurs
overdeveloped~surdéveloppé
Stanford's~Stanford
unsearchable~insondables
queer~pédé
coeducation~éducation mixte
comma~virgule
misguided~peu judicieux
Ronnie's~Ronnie
wisp's~feux follets
hennas~hennés
bristly~hérissé
stevedore's~manutentionnaire de
longest~le plus long
Dir~dir
fixings's~fixings's
uncoordinated~non coordonnée
panto~panto
beam's~faisceau de
humiliations~humiliations
nostalgically~nostalgiquement
bypassing~le contournement
flunk~flunk
expatriated~expatriated
cavity's~cavité de
venturesomeness's~de aventureux
bozos~Bozos
Czechia~czechia
sayings~paroles
piety's~de piété
Valhalla~Valhalla
remunerations~rémunérations
tradition~tradition
trembles~Trembles
cutback's~cutback's
recite~réciter
indirectly~indirectement
moralistically~moraliste
porcupines~épics
mutinying~insurgées
simultaneity's~de simultanéité
prettified~enjolivé
nicotine's~la nicotine de
comports~compotiers
precursor~précurseur
uninterested~indifférent
sullenness's~maussaderie de
Flintstones~Pierrafeu
percentages~pourcentages
Shiloh's~Shiloh de
medulla's~Années medulla
contentiousness's~contentiousness's
passion's~passions
inferiority's~infériorité de
info's~information sur
appraiser's~évaluateur de
tyrannosaur~tyrannosaure
windowpane's~de vitre
Menelaus's~Ménélas de
workbaskets~workbaskets
compasses~boussoles
kinkiness~kinkiness
rediscovery's~redécouverte de
idled~tourné au ralenti
educationalist~educationalist
trespassed~empiété
Aires~Aires
rouged~fardé
pis~Pis
enlargeable~enlargeable
colloids~colloïdes
literalness~littéralité
PowerPC's~PowerPC de
Requiem's~Requiem
neediness~neediness
Fed's~Fed
whiskies~whiskies
rig~plate-forme
tetracycline~tétracycline
Patty~Petit pâté
insecticide's~insecticide de
soapstone~stéatite
curbstone's~curbstone's
fedora~fedora
Anabaptist's~anabaptiste de
nervelessly~nervelessly
damning~damning
gamine's~gamine's
Aludra's~Aludra de
Wong's~Wong
ranches~ranchs
retrenchment's~réduction des dépenses de
showery~pluvieux
saddlebags~culotte de cheval
Bobbitt's~Bobbitt de
gourd~gourd
becquerels~becquerels
och~och
sicced~sicced
semester's~semestre de
repress~réprimer
quoit's~de palet
fidelity~fidelity
pettifogged~pettifogged
reverential~révérenciel
rightfully~à juste titre
earlobe~earlobe
flick's~flick's
mutinously~mutinously
palely~pâlement
resettles~réinstalle
diodes~diodes
dovecote's~dovecote's
mainsails~grand-voile
Pusan~pusan
tenement~immeuble
weekended~weekended
carolling~carolling
bushiest~bushiest
defeatism~defeatism
rustically~rustiquement
P's~P de
resoled~ressemeler
tuppenny~tuppenny
mummy's~momie de
lunged~Longé
steroid's~de stéroïdes
laughably~risiblement
eventuated~eventuated
fricative~fricative
passive~passif
Athabasca's~Athabasca de
gunsmith's~gunsmith's
posts~des postes
Rhodes~Rhodes
counterclaim~counterclaim
Mbini~Mbini
dissidents~dissidents
seaboard~côte
incunabulum~incunable
steams~vapeurs
UBS~UBS
Navratilova's~Navratilova de
versifies~versifie
Veda's~Veda de
unworkable~impraticable
knurling~moletage
scags~scags
milquetoasts~milquetoasts
Thar's~Thar de
Mongolic~Mongolic
trammed~trammed
assuaged~assouvi
toastier~toastier
QED~QED
landmark's~Repères
dockland~dockland
roomful's~salle remplie de
eloped~eloped
defining~defining
Bolivian~bolivien
drummer~drummer
Kerouac~Kerouac
Excedrin~Excedrin
Todd~Todd
Aldebaran~Aldebaran
overproduced~surproduit
Vistula's~Vistula de
studio's~studio de
candidacies~candidatures
historians~historiens
luminously~lumineusement
tramlines~tramlines
devoured~devoured
tugs~remorqueurs
bowlegs~jambes arquées
Tulane~Tulane
Nubia's~Nubie de
killings~meurtres
fiancee's~fiancee's
spadeful~pelletée
snowfield's~de névé
prosperous~prospère
enforceable~enforceable
jest~plaisanter
Bugatti~Bugatti
assembled~assemblé
unproductively~improductive
sysadmins~sysadmins
Allhallows~allhallows
disrespects~disrespects
revenges~vengeances
tranche~tranche
ribaldry's~de paillardise
instancing~instanciation
Catalan~catalan
moonstruck~rêveur
wardresses~gardiennes
engaged~engaged
stows~arrimages
Coptic's~copte de
Hindenburg's~Hindenburg de
Kr~Kr
treachery's~la trahison de
Alaska's~ALASKA
flop's~flop's
synergies~synergies
oppress~opprimer
miles~miles
dustcarts~dustcarts
muskmelons~cantaloups
Santa's~Père noël
apposes~appose
condition's~conditions
encircled~encircled
nonuser~non utilisateur
dyes~dyes
emulsifier's~emulsifier's
edification's~edification's
keeling~Keeling
groundlessly~groundlessly
Pushtu's~Années pashto
flatfishes~flatfishes
presumption~présomption
labial~labial
Lockheed~Lockheed
corp~corp
Havel~Havel
detention's~detention's
waveform~forme d'onde
violoncellos~violoncelles
pep~dynamisme
Yalta~Yalta
aquamarine~bleu vert
chagrining~chagrining
contrapuntal~contrapuntal
inferences~inférences
Leicesters~Leicesters
east's~east's
sociopath~sociopathe
irritant's~irritant de
scale's~Balance
conscript~conscrit
crabbiest~crabbiest
commodity's~produits de
Moriarty's~Moriarty
pilgrim's~pilgrim
codeine's~de la codéine
coolers~coolers
conservancy's~de Conservancy
resonator's~résonateur de
stunner~assommoir
Bernoulli's~Bernoulli de
Lamaism~lamaïsme
Michiganders~Michiganders
imposed~imposé
float~float
cobbers~Cobbers
haemoglobin's~haemoglobin's
divvied~divvied
breaded~pané
impala's~impala de
monopolisers~accapareurs
curdles~curdles
snits~Snits
Islamophobic~islamophobe
racketeer's~de racketeer
refrain's~éviter de
cor~cor
rioting's~de l'émeute
mildew's~le mildiou de
Inca~Inca
deputation~deputation
upholding~maintien
seminars~séminaires
sulked~bouda
restrung~Restrung
infatuate~tourner la tête
palms~paumes
Serbian~serbe
modelling~la modélisation
reprehensibility's~de répréhensible
busted~Busted
cowed~cowed
crocuses~crocuses
Jackie's~Jackie
jerrybuilt~cousu de fil blanc
Hus~Hus
endothermic~endothermic
possessors~possédants
simpers~minauderie
Moody~de mauvaise humeur
clings~accroche
bombardiers~bombardiers
reunified~réunifié
waxed~ciré
mononucleosis's~de mononucléose
stomps~stomps
moll's~Moll
salads~salades
munchkin's~Années Munchkin
landscaped~paysager
noodling~noodling
cecum~caecum
farina's~farina's
vertical~verticale
diamond's~diamond's
Travolta~Travolta
deduced~deduced
Indus's~années Indus
Shapiro's~Shapiro
lasers~lasers
slowness's~lenteur de
salesgirl's~de vendeuse
bungee~bungee
dreadfulness~dreadfulness
laxer~laxer
solidly~solidement
Balanchine~Balanchine
Tao's~Tao de
offtrack~hors piste
disestablished~disestablished
windpipes~windpipes
sitemap's~Plan du site de
fate~fate
Pollock's~Pollock
snorer's~de ronfleur
expulsion's~expulsion's
validity's~sa validité
Seminoles~Séminoles
landfill~décharge
paltriness~mesquinerie
coup~coup
Kline~Kline
quavers~croches
demise's~demise's
playacting's~de simagrées
ingenues~ingénues
spitefully~maltraitent
Sierpinski's~Sierpinski de
speller~livre d'orthographe
loquacity's~de loquacité
levity~légèreté
austerity's~l'austérité de
restaffed~restaffed
gangrene~gangrene
ravens~Ravens
grounds~grounds
terribly~terriblement
whodunits~whodunits
slog~bosser
moodiest~moodiest
Manchuria's~Mandchourie de
Indore~Indore
breathalyse~breathalyse
commodore~contre-amiral
halloos~halloos
videotex~vidéotex
Internationale~Internationale
vitally~absolument
pedalo~pédalo
fridges~fridges
antiparticles~antiparticules
expansiveness~expansiveness
deception~deception
draperies~draperies
superstructure's~superstructure de
cheesecake~cheesecake
horsing~horsing
iniquitously~iniquement
landholding~propriété foncière
Crichton~Crichton
lazybones's~Années Lazybones
interstice~interstice
parolee's~de liberté conditionnelle
Yoknapatawpha's~Yoknapatawpha de
Marcella~Marcella
inciters~incitateurs
rebuff~rebuffade
sunnier~ensoleillé
Cervantes's~Cervantes années
dream's~dream's
misreading~erreur de lecture
kamikaze's~kamikaze
puddles~flaques d'eau
yellowhammer~bruant jaune
adrenergic~adrénergique
defoggers~defoggers
caps~casquettes
paltriest~canaille
faffing~faffing
mistimed~inopportunes
directer~directer
undertow~reflux
Franco~Franco
dosh~dosh
cheapen~baisser le prix
illogical~illogique
judgemental~jugement
ashing~décendrage
warble's~Années wobulés
pesters~pesters
dreamy~dreamy
Calhoun~Calhoun
sportiness's~de sportivité
lardy~Lardy
Monique~Monique
succumbing~succombant
blackens~noircit
mistrals~mistrals
buns~petits pains
presumptuousness's~outrecuidance de
misstatement~déclaration inexacte
kits~kits
squeaking~grincement
officiousness's~de officialité
torque's~couple de
outrage~outrage
ending~ending
definers~definers
lodgings's~logements de
creased~creased
torrent's~torrent de
engine's~engine's
lysosomes~lysosomes
rondos~Rondos
Chevalier~Chevalier
sealer's~scellant de
bastard~Connard
thieved~thieved
archaists~archaïstes
idolised~idolâtré
coagulating~coagulant
remainders~reliquats
absorption~absorption
filterable~filterable
toggles~permet de basculer
photostats~photostats
trimesters~trimestres de la grossesse
beguilers~beguilers
quadricepses~quadriceps
fifteens~fifteens
outguess~devancer
warlord's~chef de guerre de
Dionne's~Dionne
groomsman~groomsman
plying~naviguent
portiere's~portiere de
clewing~Clewing
string's~chaîne de
dogmatist~dogmatist
blandly~affablement
Gideon~Gideon
scrum~scrum
upright~droit
huddled~blotti
marmalade's~marmelade de
Goya's~Goya
tabernacle's~tabernacle de
slogan~slogan
kookaburras~kookaburras
incantation's~incantatoire de
warrant's~Le mandat du
scurries~scurries
girt's~girt's
companion's~compagnon de
kibbutz's~kibboutz de
disregard~disregard
succeeds~réussit
Warsaw's~Varsovie de
snookers~snooker
blaspheme~blasphémer
hospitalise~hospitaliser
grab's~grab's
Tacitus~Tacite
Utahan~Utahan
placentals~placentaires
cogitates~cogite
automates~automatise
typography~typographie
artistry's~l'art de
Menkar's~Menkar de
agrees~accepte
underestimate's~sous-estimation de
Tutu's~Tutu
dingus's~dingus's
congers~congre
blossomed~épanouie
blindsiding~blindsiding
happenstances~happenstances
iconoclasm's~de iconoclasme
stereoscope~stéréoscope
warnings~avertissements
oxidised~oxydées
Austria's~Autriche de
iPhone's~iPhone de
sleigh's~traîneau de
fit~fit
lifeguard~sauveteur
decreasing~decreasing
gang~gang
humaneness~humaneness
parthenogenesis's~parthénogenèse de
Kandahar~Kandahar
mics~mics
ordaining~ordinant
subtropics~subtropicales
claimant~demandeur
flatulence's~flatulence's
epidural~epidural
charming~charmant
radial's~radial de
stepsister's~de stepsister
Melchizedek's~Melchisédek de
giant's~giant's
maple's~érable de
torpedoes~torpilles
rowing~aviron
gushier~gushier
businessman's~homme d'affaires de
fortieth~fortieth
empowering~empowering
visibly~visiblement
elaborateness's~elaborateness's
deflationary~deflationary
gestates~gestates
Highness~Altesse
resorts~stations
bedpan's~bedpan de
manna~manne
grampus's~grampus's
Guinevere~Guenièvre
recognition~reconnaissance
Garry's~Garry de
flume's~flume's
altering~altérant
KP~KP
pluralistic~pluraliste
antes~antes
perpendiculars~perpendiculaires
decafs~decafs
submarginal~submarginales
approbation~approbation
rashness~imprudence
viral~viral
therein~la bride
carrel's~Carrel
church~église
climate~climat
illus~illus
carnally~charnellement
Leicester's~Leicester de
moraine~moraine
burning~brûlant
blitheness~blitheness
stepladder's~de escabeau
conjoiner~conjoiner
fun's~fun's
reading~en train de lire
foxtrots~foxtrots
Maldonado's~Maldonado de
lymph~lymphe
abscission~abscission
preambles~préambules
hydrotherapy's~de l'hydrothérapie
raspberry~framboise
angelfish~angelfish
pepper's~poivrons
eatable~eatable
Caravaggio~Caravage
alienated~aliénée
pillion's~du siège passager
Frankfurt's~Francfort de
wainscoting's~de boiserie
schizoids~schizoïdes
uncooked~non cuit
proprietor~propriétaire
Ito~Ito
spiel's~de spiel
realist~réaliste
Creator's~créateur de
assert~affirmer
Robbie's~Robbie
courses~courses
glassblower's~glassblower's
celery's~le céleri de
miniaturisation~miniaturisation
courtliness's~courtliness's
desirous~desirous
secretive~caché
bollocks~bollocks
agnosticism's~de l'agnosticisme
NASA~NASA
donates~donates
underpaying~sous-payés
despondence~despondence
Nagy~Nagy
hydrangea's~hortensia de
sweepingly~sweepingly
seams~coutures
tiebreaks~tiebreaks
subsuming~subsomption
superstition~superstition
swamps~les marais
rhododendron's~rhododendron de
lacewings~chrysopes
boink~boink
mews's~Années Mews
filmmaker~filmmaker
arouse~susciter
dressers~dressers
sandpaper~papier de verre
guaranty~guaranty
undergrad~études de premier cycle
disheartening~disheartening
Corp~Corp
Mantle~Manteau
carves~Carves
Folsom's~Folsom de
gorged~gorged
subjugate~subjuguer
precept's~précepte de
Lucifer's~Lucifer
sittings~séances
squatter~squatter
shaker's~shaker de
Joule~Joule
basking~dorant
juggle's~jonglerie de
dandiest~dandiest
blister's~blister de
Hohenstaufen~Hohenstaufen
manifesto's~manifeste
varietal~variétale
innateness~innéité
groveller's~groveller's
overbearing~autoritaire
Savannah's~Savannah de
bohemian~bohémien
navigate~naviguer
Mayfair~Mayfair
Gasser's~Gasser de
pulpwood's~Années bois à pâte
freestone~freestone
prion~prion
hungering~assoiffé
triangulating~trianguler
vagabonding~vagabondant
versification~versification
grandmother~grandmother
pendulum's~Le pendule de
vantages~avan-
Nov~Nov
elm~elm
clobbered~mis à mal
venous~veineux
backbreaking~éreintant
papa~papa
flimflams~flimflams
hamburg's~hamburg's
extinguisher's~extinguisher's
unwholesome~malsain
opcodes~opcodes
L'Oreal's~L'ORÉAL
solitary~solitaire
pillowing~pillowing
cataclysmal~cataclysmique
arrears's~arriérés de
forefoot~forefoot
Phanerozoic~phanérozoïque
diffracted~diffracted
stets~stets
Norris's~Norris de
procrastinates~tergiverse
rocket's~fusée de
rational~rationnel
pols~pols
whiteners~blanchissants
vendible~vendable
limitings~limiteurs
caustics~caustiques
dabblers~dabblers
outliers~valeurs aberrantes
Francoise's~Françoise de
inculcate~inculquer
informal~informel
naturalise~naturaliser
phonecards~cartes téléphoniques
clew's~Clew de
weatherstrips~calfeutrement
gentlefolks~gentlefolks
impasse's~impasse de
beholder's~de spectateur
uh~uh
Ionesco~ionesco
incompetents~incompétentes
reiterating~réitérant
intercessor~intercesseur
Titian~Titian
mandibular~mandibulaire
hen~poule
gratifies~gratifies
metered~mesurée
moistening~mouillage
bloomers~culotte bouffante
zoophytes~zoophytes
enclave~enclave
sugar~sucre
tagline~tagline
pluckiest~la plus audacieuse
breadbaskets~corbeilles à pain
myrmidon's~Myrmidon de
porky's~porky
vitiation~viciation
platitude's~de platitudes
Scotchwomen~Scotchwomen
Devon~Devon
weight's~poids de
impugner~impugner
Jeep~Jeep
ailing~en difficulté
Essex's~Essex de
menu~menu
snowdrift~congère de neige
sabre~sabre
heisted~heisted
rationales~justifications
Bowen~Bowen
Karin's~Karin de
Schwarzenegger~Schwarzenegger
plant's~les plantes
aeroplane~avion
tanks~réservoirs
Defoe's~Defoe
overshoe~galoche
sublet's~Sous-location de
annotator~annotateurs
highchair's~Chaises hautes
miniaturist~miniaturiste
atrophying~atrophiant
unplugs~débranche
encompasses~encompasses
thumbscrew's~moletée de
barrenest~barrenest
can's~peut est
ferment's~ferment's
ECG's~ECG
ingratitude's~ingratitude de
runny~qui coule
Lyme's~Lyme de
pontiffs~pontifes
rubato~rubato
Suzuki~Suzuki
passages~passages
demodulates~demodulates
cunnilingus~cunnilingus
chiffonier~chiffonnier
stench's~puanteur de
van's~van de
sweeten~sucrer
blazer~blazer
knighting~adoubement
delusional~delusional
Principe's~Principe de
pursuers~poursuivants
Mugabe's~Mugabe
scaffold's~échafaudage de
dental~dental
misprision's~de misprision
Herminia~Herminia
matchmaker~marieur
phagocytes~phagocytes
glamorising~glamorising
Stonehenge~Stonehenge
atomises~atomise
biodegradability's~biodégradabilité de
qualm~scrupule
skulk~entrer furtivement
top's~haut de
Hohenzollern~Hohenzollern
Reasoner~Reasoner
reflecting~reflétant
Eben's~Eben de
revert~revenir
caster~roulette
uninviting~peu attirant
netting's~de filet
megaton~mégatonne
tau's~tau de
professedly~de son propre aveu
Anderson~Anderson
lung's~poumons
backtalk~backtalk
Guthrie's~Guthrie
Fabians~fabiens
cynics~cynics
blackmailer~maître-chanteur
unpractised~unpractised
Heather~Bruyère
Roanoke's~Roanoke de
progenitor's~géniteur de
cowers~cowers
vicarages~presbytères
scrapyards~ferrailleurs
pistils~pistils
snowdrifts~congères
grasps~grasps
Lordship's~seigneurie
longboats~chaloupes
affirms~Affirme
nightstand's~de table de chevet
Nubia~Nubie
jamboree's~de jamboree
skimpier~skimpier
idiot~idiot
magnificence~magnificence
tourniquet's~de garrot
gangbusters~gangbusters
Verizon~Verizon
amorally~amorale
battler~Battler
Zambian~zambien
mortgage~hypothèque
Petain~petain
cremation~cremation
inducement~incitation
topper~haut de forme
burg~bled
Cabernet's~Cabernet de
eyesight~eyesight
teardrop's~Années teardrop
scrubbiest~scrubbiest
inactivity's~inactivité de
aftertastes~arrière-goût
Melanie~Melanie
acceptances~acceptations
iffiest~iffiest
sticklers~sticklers
jilt~plaquer
comicality~comicalité
casuistic~casuistique
Kawabata~Kawabata
speckle's~chatoiement de
viol~viole
flows~flows
gumbo's~gumbo's
biochemical~biochimique
healthcare~soins de santé
pints~pintes
psychokinesis~psychokinèse
crapshooter~crapshooter
pannier~sacoche
bequests~legs
marriageability's~de mariabilité
exports~exports
Krakow's~Cracovie de
desolation's~desolation's
leased~loué
Sandinista's~sandiniste de
lusher~lusher
outplacement's~outplacement de
monogram's~monogramme de
glamorises~glamorises
voluntaries~voluntaries
inexperience's~manque d'expérience de
Laos's~Laos de
egocentrics~egocentrics
lechery's~de lubricité
piquancy~piquant
blowguns~sarbacanes
wee~pipi
tugboat's~de tugboat
blintzes~blinis
pedantic~pédant
piggishly~piggishly
fished~fished
asparagus~asperges
Whitehall~Whitehall
Yorkshires~yorkshires
zither's~cithare de
particularisation~particularisation
coercion~coercition
effing~effing
vendor~vendeur
cuddle~cuddle
Greenwich~Greenwich
tenure~mandat
allurements~séductions
playschools~Crèches
samba's~samba de
dilemmas~dilemmas
exasperates~exasperates
transcribed~transcrit
amniocentesis's~amniocentèse de
sty's~sTY
skinhead~skinhead
disobey~disobey
moonlit~éclairé par la lune
Chan~Chan
Qiqihar's~Qiqihar de
incision's~incision de
Lachesis's~Lachesis de
Navarre~Navarre
reconverted~reconverties
Leticia~Leticia
Malthusians~malthusiens
pegging~chevillage
credit~credit
enthrone~enthrone
Menelik's~Ménélik de
peaces~peaces
diff~diff
psych~Psych
jodhpurs~jodhpurs
teacupfuls~teacupfuls
transcendentalists~spiritualistes
slumbers~sommeils
bleach's~de l'eau de Javel
foreknow~foreknow
precise~précis
Giuliani's~Giuliani
hatching~éclosion
bombarded~bombardés
galumphed~galumphed
multiplications~multiplications
abdication's~abdication
whit~brin
prudery~pruderie
carjacks~carjacks
yoga's~du yoga
clink~choquer
bridle~bride
bankroll~financer
pitchblende~pechblende
practicalities~modalités pratiques
extracting~extracting
overbid's~Années surenchéri
resist's~résister à ce
Tupungato~tupungato
equalled~equalled
Menotti~Menotti
Glass's~verre de
prefatory~préliminaire
misread~mal interpréter
spluttered~bredouilla
calypsos~calypso
skier~skieur
xylem's~xylème de
compass's~boussole de
pheromone's~phéromone de
subscribe~souscrire
phantasmal~phantasmatique
Balder~Balder
pathogenic~pathogène
Cambodian~cambodgien
whizzbangs~whizzbangs
accost~accoster
pouch's~de poche de
Julio~Julio
pickerel~pickerel
hostage's~otage de
Bedouin's~bédouin de
sergeant's~sergent de
roadworks~travaux
protractor's~de protractor
coiffured~coiffés
VHF~VHF
Harriett~Harriett
concerns~préoccupations
modern's~mODERNE
tranches~tranches
Frey~Frey
sweetener~édulcorant
origins~origines
psychologies~psychologies
relieves~soulage
patienter~patienter
attaining~atteindre
mountaineer's~alpiniste de
skeeters~skeeters
directory's~directory's
commotion~agitation
thromboses~thromboses
Wollstonecraft's~Wollstonecraft de
patriarch's~patriarche de
Kilroy's~Kilroy de
sodomite~sodomite
carcinogenic~cancérigène
malformed~malformé
jailbird~récidiviste
Earle~Earle
Christianity's~Christianisme Développement
Iroquoian's~Années iroquoiennes
tolerances~tolérances
atop~un haut
gala's~gala's
compensates~compense
crated~crated
Denise~Denise
daisies~daisies
minister~ministre
caterwauled~caterwauled
relearns~réapprend
jokiest~jokiest
Milan~Milan
crickets~crickets
liefer~liefer
challenge~défi
lengthened~allongé
piteous~pitoyable
diffusing~diffusing
lowland~plaine
cardies~cardies
insult~insulter
renominating~renominating
Wiemar~Weimar
cheeping~pépiement
Protagoras's~Protagoras de
lecturing~conférence
exasperation's~exasperation's
bleachers~gradins
Koestler's~Koestler de
minimise~minimiser
PMed~médecine préventive
glimmered~glimmered
Taliesin~Taliesin
cliffhanging~cliffhanging
mingles~se mêle
outlive~survivre à
ox's~boeuf de
grippers~grippers
lams~LAMS
beluga's~béluga de
everyone~everyone
multinationals~multinationales
vanadium~vanadium
sifted~tamisé
Floyd~Floyd
incoherently~incohérente
towards~vers
squashed~écrasé
bumbles~Bumbles
annuitant~rentier
recover~récupérer
Tarim~Tarim
shoplift~voler à l'étalage
discography~discography
culturing~culturing
regionally~au niveau régional
exaggerator~exaggerator
uncustomary~inhabituelle
mumbler~mumbler
Sinhalese's~de cinghalais
skylight~lucarne
nursery's~pépinière de
craftiest~craftiest
resplendence~resplendence
unknowable~inconnaissable
danglers~danglers
scraggier~scraggier
hilarity~hilarité
Messieurs~Messieurs
evangelists~evangelists
savaging~brutaliser
Tonga~Tonga
hearthstone~foyer
stowed~arrimé
squaring~équarrissage
androgen's~androgène de
lankier~lankier
antiseptically~antiseptiquement
ungainly~disgracieux
drastically~drastically
trial~procès
tamperer's~Tamperer de
banjoists~banjoists
sambaing~sambaing
Lynne~Lynne
bookmobiles~bibliobus
overexposing~surexposer
coking~cokéfaction
presenter~présentateur
advertising~La publicité
overtire~fatiguer
theist~théiste
obey~obéit
auditors~vérificateurs
saver's~économiseur de
siphon's~siphon de
ting~ting
arboreal~arboricole
inflammable~inflammable
unconcernedly~négligemment
Gujarati's~Années gujarati
fruited~fruited
Fm's~Fm de
nosiness~nosiness
disenfranchised~disenfranchised
downier~downier
disquieted~disquieted
allotments~attributions
clench's~de Clench
exhilaration's~exhilaration's
obelisk~obélisque
bidden~Bidden
stooge~larbin
chair~chaise
streams~ruisseaux
danseuses~danseuses
puled~puled
Athena's~Athéna
Pretoria's~Années Pretoria
plaint's~lamentation de
hour's~heures
despondency's~despondency's
brewer's~brasseur
rheostats~rhéostats
triumphant~triomphant
narrowed~rétréci
resuscitating~ressuscitant
chine~échine
neighbourliness's~de voisinage
ketch's~ketch de
uneasiest~uneasiest
flashgun's~flashgun's
educing~educing
Tiber's~Tiber de
anglers~les pêcheurs
tetrahedral~tétraèdre
thriller's~romans policiers
perceptively~perceptivement
tallyho's~Tallyho de
Purus's~Purus de
interrogates~interroge
Fez~Fez
tare's~tare de
bankrolled~bankrolled
wad's~bourre de
gearshift's~gearshift's
boinking~boinking
roosted~perchent
NCAA~NCAA
Clearasil's~Clearasil de
seesaw~bascule
Euterpe~Euterpe
cringes~cringes
clenched~crispée
hitched~attelé
lowermost~plus bas
seafronts~bords de mer
slippy~glissant
tutu's~Tutu
retweet~retweet
ducky~ducky
beryllium~béryllium
hypodermics~hypodermiques
blitzkriegs~blitzkriegs
republicanism's~de républicanisme
jackstraws~mikado
striker's~L'attaquant de
duet~duet
probe's~sonde de
peacemaking~maintien de la paix
miscreant's~mécréant de
nauseously~nauseously
reverse's~inverse de
candlewicks~mèches de bougie
Appleton's~Appleton de
paid~payé
uphill~montée
Arizonan's~Années Arizonan
Procyon's~Procyon de
eternalness~eternalness
saffrons~safrans
monseigneur's~Monseigneur de
investment's~de l'investissement
personalises~personnalise
flautists~flautists
abjurations~abjurations
MP~MP
excursiveness's~excursiveness's
sidewalk~trottoir
microsurgery~microchirurgie
chaff~balle
invigorates~tonifie
tempos~tempos
Ashkenazim's~ashkénazes de
romp's~gambades de
disrepair~disrepair
hydraulic~hydraulique
bondsmen~corvéables
jimsonweed~stramoine
larva~larve
jawing~jawing
outmatches~outmatches
swallow~avaler
Chicana~Chicana
Guofeng~Guofeng
remastered~remasterisé
leavening~levain
shirring's~de fronces
McDonald~McDonald
subjection's~la soumission de
baulks~madriers
dumbos~dumbos
worthy~digne
clucking~gloussement
snoopiest~snoopiest
legalistic~légalistes
Lehman~Lehman
insurrection's~insurrection de
xxxiii~XXXIII
design~design
echolocation's~echolocation's
clubber~clubber
romaines~Romaines
trashiness's~de trashiness
workhouses~workhouses
meatballs~Boulettes de viande
Feynman's~Feynman de
wiretapped~mis sur écoute
dandruff~dandruff
resumptions~reprises
subarea~Sous-secteur
freeborn~freeborn
modestly~modestement
trouble~problème
astutely~astucieusement
Rontgen~Röntgen
TOEFL~TOEFL
mantissa's~mantisse de
dirigible~dirigible
sponging~épongeage
judgements~jugements
forewomen~forewomen
recrystallise~recristalliser
caisson~caisson
regional~régional
reshuffle's~années remaniement
indention~indention
quangos~quangos
flatness~flatness
embankments~embankments
hooey~hooey
wildcat's~de chat sauvage
sullying~souillure
almost~presque
chewed~mâchés
mulishly~mulishly
swallowtails~swallowtails
hilarity's~hilarité de
OCR~OCR
firebug's~firebug's
albacore's~germon de
gneiss's~gneiss's
Enron~Enron
signpost's~panneaux d'affichage
map~carte
phosphorus's~Phosphore de
ensemble~ensemble
filament's~filament's
coheir's~cohéritier de
goop~goop
masc~masc
bluebonnet~bluebonnet
fixative~fixative
bottom~bas
superintend~surveiller
deserting~deserting
misgoverns~misgoverns
tautens~raffermit
perkiness~désinvolture
substitute~remplacer
weltering~velté
subaltern~subalterne
mergers~fusions
convection's~convection's
frankly~frankly
teat's~trayons de
mentored~mentoré
heliocentric~héliocentrique
adulators~adulateurs
sophisticates~sophisticates
inbox~boîte de réception
ineligibles~inéligibles
paralegals~parajuristes
Tijuana's~Tijuana de
stablemen~palefreniers
widower's~veuf
fabrications~fabrications
magnetise~magnétiser
proclaiming~proclamant
intercession~intercession
stifled~étouffés
cowbells~cowbells
sparse~clairsemé
mishears~mishears
Twp~twp
stipend's~allocation de
meerschaums~meerschaums
must~doit
flashy~flashy
unformulated~informulé
Dionysus~Dionysus
interchange's~échange de
autopilot~pilote automatique
brougham~brougham
Delano's~Delano de
organelles~organelles
nondeliveries~ABSENCE DE LIVRAISON
control's~control's
hail's~hail's
choppers~choppers
virgin~vierge
tightener's~tendeur de
Ethel's~Ethel
rhetorician's~rhéteur de
Mainer~mainer
Portuguese's~Portugais de
midweek~milieu de la semaine
intransigent's~intransigeants de
depreciated~depreciated
cortex~cortex
robe's~robe de
toll~péage
polemic's~polémique
doff~doff
Saiph's~Saiph de
sunbath~bain de soleil
freeway~freeway
samurais~samurais
lopping~ébranchage
impresses~impressionne
unis~unis
Latoya's~Latoya de
loincloths~pagnes
Perm~Permanente
hurls~Projette
localised~localisée
Marta's~Marta de
outargues~outargues
Melissa's~Melissa
turgidity~turgescence
retrogress~retrogress
clubland~clubland
bodging~bodging
eggshells~eggshells
conjoint~conjoint
admit~admettre
mouthful's~bouchée de
swindle~escroquerie
packager~emballeur
sleaziness's~de sleaziness
breaks~pauses
spatted~spatted
jumbling~Jumbling
napoleon~napoléon
impressionable~impressionnable
tows~remorquages
chaperonage~chaperonnage
innervation~innervation
domesticates~domesticates
Golden's~or de
performers~interprètes
fraternal~fraternal
spectator~spectateur
exploration's~exploration's
wagging~secouaient
patriotism's~le patriotisme de
Sagittarius~Sagittaire
grass's~grass's
Mideastern~Mideastern
veiling~voilage
addle~pourri
screenwriting~scénarisation
timetables~horaires
genealogist~genealogist
mitres~mitres
trendy's~est à la mode
incident's~l'incident de
profits~bénéfices
periodical~périodique
factual~factual
misanthropy's~misanthropie de
convoking~convoking
hardened~hardened
case's~Le cas de
Yerevan's~Erevan de
caravel~caravelle
capabilities~capacités
Mintaka~Mintaka
serology's~de sérologies
paramilitaries~paramilitaires
sadomasochistic~sadomasochiste
besots~besots
dotcom~dotcom
Asturias's~Asturias de
Orbison's~Orbison
follies~follies
forfeits~forfeits
hyperventilation~hyperventilation
completion's~l'achèvement de
dramatises~dramatises
orgy~orgie
mahout~cornac
holidaying~holidaying
inexpediency's~inopportunité de
pediments~frontons
lech's~lech de
Luxembourgian~luxembourgeoise
Mamie's~Mamie de
indeterminacy~indétermination
galled~galled
lithograph's~lithographie de
glottis~glottis
uncompressed~non compressé
beachcomber~vague déferlante
bait's~années appât
contort~contort
directory~directory
caduceus's~caducée de
pubes~pubis
parkland~parc
declassifying~declassifying
viscountcy~vicomté
prorated~au prorata
fungible~fungible
pitiably~pitoyablement
cement~ciment
dispensaries~dispensaries
shoppe's~Années Shoppe
Federals~fédéraux
gnu~gnu
vanish~disparaître
waterproofed~imperméabilisé
hunt~chasse
grammarians~grammarians
perspicuity's~de perspicuity
culture's~culture's
skitter~glisser
moggie~moggie
retreat's~retraite de
reclines~incline
cauterising~cautérisation
treatable~traitable
liq~Liq
gentlewoman~gentlewoman
dishes~dishes
charabanc's~charabanc de
emanates~emanates
pettiness~mesquinerie
forwent~forwent
prude's~de prude
shinbones~shinbones
willpower~volonté
yellowest~plus jaune
Mickey's~Mickey
blithe~joyeux
grandee~grandee
tut's~Tut de
electroencephalograms~electroencephalograms
ballast~ballast
pothers~pothers
Hesperus's~hesperus de
pear's~des poires
Franks's~Franks de
cameraman's~cameraman de
overhand~pronation
prison's~prison de
nothings~nothings
reset~réinitialiser
Zanzibar's~ZANZIBAR
epilepsy's~epilepsy's
beys~beys
gobbled~gobbled
orthopaedists~orthopédistes
icebergs~icebergs
jabots~jabots
Cyril's~Cyril
sinology~sinologie
schussboomers~schussboomers
widemouthed~large ouverture
Plautus's~Plaute de
pales~pâle figure
self's~auto de
banditry~banditisme
Minsk~Minsk
heatedly~avec passion
quaint~pittoresque
vaporisers~vaporiseurs
subpoena's~citation à comparaître de
Zhukov's~Zhukov de
Watusi's~Watusi de
arch's~arc de
viewpoint~point de vue
amour's~amour de
nudest~nudest
tribulation~tribulations
mistrust's~la méfiance de
trustfully~avec confiance
limescale~entartrage
insensibility~insensibilité
altimeter's~de l'altimètre
noughts~noughts
imputing~imputation
waltz's~waltz
protozoans~protozoans
fussing~fussing
bluejacket~manteau bleu
inscribes~Inscrit
flintlock's~flintlock's
Cretaceous's~Crétacé de
quizzically~railleur
cheaters~tricheurs
glowed~glowed
knighthoods~chevaleries
Bandung's~Bandung de
Firefox's~Firefox de
gaffers~gaffers
frosts~frosts
jammed~coincé
decisions~decisions
globalisation's~globalisation's
cinnabar's~cinabre de
notelet~notule
tread~bande de roulement
older~plus âgée
Wasatch~Wasatch
councilwoman~councilwoman
schemata~schèmes
we're~étaient
egotistical~egotistical
Saudi's~Arabie de
Dubcek's~Dubcek de
diminuendos~diminuendos
labourers~ouvriers
aeration~aération
abut~butent
grunions~grunions
trafficked~victimes de la traite
neckties~cravates
cruiser~cruiser
Strindberg~Strindberg
murderous~meurtrier
woody's~wOODY
Latvia~Lettonie
asphyxiation~asphyxiés
intonation's~l'intonation de
resigning~démissionnaire
packets~paquets
Husserl's~Husserl
affirmative~affirmative
xci~XCI
dacha~dacha
basketry's~Années vanneries
wigeon~siffleur
mukluk's~Années mukluk
suitor's~soupirant de
twopenny~de deux pence
midges~moucherons
evaluations~evaluations
throughways~voies de passage
Jinny~Jinny
handcuff~handcuff
absorb~absorber
Dodson~Dodson
vocalists~vocalistes
precipitations~précipitations
mopped~épongé
assured's~assuré de
transformations~transformations
jollification~jollification
unassailable~inattaquable
duckweed~duckweed
whammy~whammy
Dachau's~Dachau de
audiometer's~Années audiomètre
Shawnees~Shawnees
programmers~programmeurs
blathering~blathering
stain's~de tache
concurrences~Concurrences
earthiness's~earthiness's
Sudan~Soudan
registries~registres
blaster's~blaster de
compress~compresse
doctorate's~doctorate's
loggerhead~caouanne
allows~permet
generator~generator
Linton's~Linton
Emory~Emory
commutes~permute
rigmarole's~galimatias de
perches~perchoir
quit~quitter
Moroni~Moroni
Summer's~L'été est
Pentagon~Pentagone
aligners~aligneurs
muggles~Moldus
Gabriela~Gabriela
habitability~habitability
hitchhike~faire du stop
Frieda's~Frieda de
Ringling~Ringling
liberalisation~libéralisation
knave~fripon
Briana~Briana
bamboo's~de bambou de
notification~notification
polytechnic~polytechnique
Hanukkahs~Hanukkahs
petal's~pétales
governance's~governance's
philanthropically~philanthropiquement
amalgamation's~fusion de
billiards~billard
superstition's~de la superstition
conversant~conversant
postmistress~receveuse des postes
heartbroken~navré
Andretti's~Andretti de
labial's~labiale de
designer's~designer's
infatuated~entiché
dissembling~dissembling
Rivas~Rivas
callousness's~de endurcissement
candidacy's~la candidature de
rift~crevasse
bumpers~pare-chocs
protest's~protestation de
mass~Masse
terse~laconique
troposphere's~troposphère de
pct~pct
array~tableau
loophole~échappatoire
resettlement~rétablissement
casings~boîtiers
Thermopylae's~Thermopyles de
grafter's~grafter's
marquisette's~Marquisette de
commutative~commutative
beclouding~obscurcissement
Keewatin~Keewatin
confessor's~confesseur
translucent~translucide
Dipper~Louche
invocation~invocation
archipelago's~archipel de
masterly~magistral
impatiences~impatiences
hrs~heures
franker~franker
razors~rasoirs
tanning~bronzage
Dover's~Dover de
disguised~disguised
tobacco's~Tobacco
chessboards~échiquiers
immediacies's~Années immédiatetés
workable~réalisable
Miltiades~Miltiade
banqueter's~banqueter de
seedier~côté cour
devitalise~devitalise
fondant's~fondant's
Erickson~Erickson
arachnid's~Années arachnide
sandbox~bac à sable
latex's~latex années
pare~rogner
damselflies~damselflies
unsounder~unsounder
boobies~nigauds
partaker~partageant
bedfellow's~de coucheur
rem's~rem
admonition's~admonestation de
idiom's~expressions idiomatiques
VIP~VIP
mink's~vison de
qualifications~qualifications
remeasure~remesurer
crocheting~crocheting
fillet's~fillet's
passionless~sans passion
Pokemon~Pokemon
spellbinders~spellbinders
Dewey~Dewey
Yuma~Yuma
dead~mort
fathering~fathering
vacationer's~vacationer de
Yaroslavl's~Yaroslavl de
cawed~croassa
backhanders~bakchich
effusion's~effusion's
nonvoter~nonvoter
it'd~ce serait
Britney's~Britney
aspidistra~aspidistra
counterfeiters~counterfeiters
clarify~clarifier
Pilcomayo~Pilcomayo
mashed~en purée
chickenfeed~l'alimentation des poulets
Caroline~Caroline
Callaghan~Callaghan
indulges~se livre
iambic~iambique
continuous~continuous
pianist's~pianiste de
Fibonacci~fibonacci
crocheter~crocheter
incarnation's~incarnation de
attic's~grenier de
blackcurrant~cassis
song~chant
pleonasm's~pleonasm de
craft~craft
experimentally~experimentally
basswood's~Années tilleul d'Amérique
backfield's~champ arrière de
geopolitical~geopolitical
rhymer~rimeur
reigned~régnaient
chlamydia's~de la chlamydia
subarctic~subarctique
Greensleeves~Greensleeves
hare's~hare's
MFA~MFA
hookworm~ankylostome
Asian's~asiatique de
Kublai's~Kublai de
interlace~entrelacer
ropes~cordes
R's~les R
connects~Connects
decilitres~decilitres
rampart~rempart
absolutes~absolu
matricides~matricides
winningly~winningly
outscoring~outscoring
Brooke's~Brooke
grandstanding~grandstanding
tempo's~Années tempo
hospitalising~hospitaliser
Thessaly~Thessalie
streakiest~streakiest
teeth~les dents
stimulus~stimulus
Newcastle~Newcastle
overspecialised~overspecialised
excellently~excellently
saltcellars~salières
mallow's~mallow de
tractability~tractability
subgroup~sous-groupe
Jacqueline~Jacqueline
fistful~fistful
orthographic~orthographique
founder's~founder's
Fallopian~fallopian
invincibility's~de l'invincibilité
trotted~trottait
felonies~felonies
Spica's~Spica de
nondelivery's~de non-livraison
dissemblance's~dissemblance's
groupings~groupings
Hayward's~Hayward
flattops~flattops
Mont's~Mont de
pressured~pression
famishing~famishing
commodious~spacieux
nonabsorbents~nonabsorbents
coordinates~coordinates
peritonitis's~péritonite de
Hindi~hindi
Thompson's~Thompson
gooiest~gooiest
Landsteiner~Landsteiner
chive's~ciboulette
cliquey~cliquey
undies~undies
libellers~libellistes
preceptors~précepteurs
Behan's~Behan de
recomputing~recalcul
Paulette's~Paulette de
blintz~blintz
surfeit's~surfeit de
scraggly~scraggly
overproducing~surproduisant
unbolted~déboulonné
greets~greets
anime~animé
shoplifting's~vol à l'étalage de
condensation's~de condensation
odometer~odomètre
scamps~garnements
anythings~anythings
defacement~defacement
Deanna's~Deanna de
mineralogical~minéralogie
orderliness's~de bonne conduite
volutes~volute
languidly~langoureusement
injected~injecté
avoiding~évitant
socialises~socialise
manslaughter's~de l'homicide involontaire
subclass~sous-classe
inadmissible~inadmissible
Windhoek~Windhoek
odiousness's~de odiousness
mushiness's~de mushiness
OED~OED
Sp~Sp
Vincent~Vincent
Scheherazade's~Shéhérazade de
Fleming~Flamand
hypotenuse's~hypoténuse de
Thespis~Thespis
decanting~decanting
lauded~louangé
Nicaea's~Nicée de
objections~objections
Verona's~Verona de
fortifier's~fortifier's
searchlight~projecteur
Gillespie~Gillespie
McMahon~McMahon
funerary~funerary
Darth's~Darth de
soggily~soggily
Giorgione~Giorgione
MacBride's~MacBride de
trespassing~intrusions
disinters~disinters
Cretaceous~Crétacé
linen's~linge de
fluoridating~fluoridating
bodybuilding~la musculation
construable~construable
L'Ouverture~Louverture
Thales~Thales
recollect~se rappeler
annulment's~l'annulation de
towpaths~towpaths
cutback~cutback
misapprehension~malentendu
domiciling~domiciling
Baldwin's~Baldwin
precancel~Precancel
eglantine's~eglantine's
Cantrell~Cantrell
Gemini's~Années Gemini
Clorets~Clorets
warp~chaîne
stereotypes~les stéréotypes
sconce~bougeoir
Freemason's~franc-maçon de
sweat~transpiration
gormandiser's~gormandiser's
roasters~torréfacteurs
pectin's~pectine de
loonie~huard
Finns~Finlandais
cowhide~cowhide
furnishes~furnishes
unfolds~se déploie
Nichole~Nichole
gerbils~gerbils
microaggressions~microaggressions
ferocious~ferocious
pejoration~péjoration
headlong~la tête la première
zinc's~zinc de
guttered~guttered
Scala~Scala
caparisons~caparaçons
takes~prend
unit~unité
muskmelon's~Années melon brodé
dictation~dictation
dishwasher's~dishwasher's
helve's~helve de
canons~canons
respire~respirer
beautiful~beau
snuff~tabac à priser
narcotic~narcotique
perky~guilleret
paywall's~Années paywall
recrimination~récrimination
killers~tueurs
ward's~Ward
randomises~randomises
doohickeys~doohickeys
sissies~sissies
doubter~doubter
downplays~downplays
flooring~flooring
preposition~préposition
bomb's~bombe de
voluntarism~volontarisme
unceasingly~sans cesse
preadolescences~preadolescences
jewel~bijou
fumy~fumy
feelgood~feelgood
images~images
Death's~Des morts
shyster~escroc
entrant's~entrant's
caterings~caterings
decibel's~decibel's
coupes~coupes
schools~écoles
Lego~Lego
tufts~touffes
overlords~suzerains
flashcards~flashcards
wolfhound~lévrier
prater's~Prater de
bumpier~bosselée
affectionate~affectueux
teem~pulluler
veejay~veejay
Maxwell~Maxwell
stockade's~de palissade
towhee~towhee
dB~dB
brevetted~brevetted
culvert~culvert
weaned~sevré
smarmier~smarmier
coolants~coolants
halfhearted~halfhearted
lottery~loterie
d'Estaing's~d'Estaing's
lasing~lasing
penetrability's~pénétrabilité de
curling's~curling's
postbag~sac postal
demographer's~demographer's
melds~unirait
ohm's~ohm
defibrillators~defibrillators
absinth~absinthe
Leah's~Leah
Halliburton~Halliburton
Francine's~Francine
stardom's~vedettariat de
temporary's~de temporaires
Kusch~Kusch
moistly~moistly
carboy~bonbonne
readabilities~lisibilités
likeable~sympathique
lazying~lazying
Gautama~Gautama
eves~eves
prejudice~préjudice
ascendance~ascendance
dollop's~dollop's
reformative~réformateur
bullion's~de lingots
doggoner~doggoner
profaned~profanée
candy~bonbons
textiles~textiles
Brobdingnag~Brobdingnag
industrialisation~industrialisation
Tara~Tara
militia~milice
clues~des indices
punditry~punditry
Conestoga~Conestoga
dwell~dwell
babyish~enfantin
operetta~opérette
denoting~denoting
scuzzy~scuzzy
folders~folders
dogtrot's~dogtrot's
newsreel's~Années actualités
reign's~règne
underlying~sous-jacent
sighed~soupirait
duffers~duffers
unquestionably~sans aucun doute
Ute's~Ute de
flatus~flatus
outbox~Outbox
burliness's~burliness de
reviving~vivifiante
chillest~chillest
sublease~sous-location
lamebrained~lamebrained
Methodism~méthodisme
strenuously~avec acharnement
licensing~licence
discerningly~discerningly
Suarez~Suarez
CO~CO
heightens~rehausse
Galvani~Galvani
maturing~maturation
shoal's~bancs
cleverly~habilement
occluding~occlusif
neutralisation's~neutralisation de
Uruguayans~uruguayens
grotesque~grotesque
inheritances~héritages
Yates's~Yates de
frumpiest~frumpiest
colonisation~la colonisation
malt's~malt de
aerosols~aérosols
devilling~devilling
demodulate~demodulate
snubbed~snobé
riddled~criblé
outpourings~épanchements
noses~nez
adventurist~aventuriste
sequestration's~la séquestration du
mysteriousness's~de mysteriousness
advocate's~l'avocat du
pettiness's~petitesses de
DNA~ADN
cosponsor~cosponsor
Stacie~Stacie
orange's~des oranges
encrypts~encrypts
Orientals~Orientaux
coop~coop
probables~probables
enlist~enlist
lionise~lionise
ibid~ibid
Aileen~Aileen
datives~datives
precondition's~condition sine qua non de
google~google
tenanted~Locataires
boldness's~l'audace de
homeopath's~de homéopathe
lay~allonger
sniffs~reniflements
certitudes~certitudes
cinchona~cinchonine
unerring~infaillible
meathead's~de meathead
street's~des rues
wending~frayant
reincorporate~réincorporer
citizens~citoyens
fichus~fichus
protests~manifestations
pibroch's~pibroch de
blackcurrants~groseilles
Astrakhan's~Astrakhan de
slumming~Slumming
skycap's~de Skycap
mas~mas
proselytisers~prosélytes
asymmetrical~asymétrique
awl~poinçon
asphalt~asphalte
utilises~utilise
instillation~instillation
anteroom's~antichambres de
doze's~doze's
Nash~Nash
approvingly~d'un air approbateur
untoward~fâcheux
bewitch~ensorceler
goad~goad
longshoreman~débardeur
Karachi~Karachi
harvests~récoltes
aspires~aspire
bugbear~épouvantail
rosewoods~palissandres
loyalism's~loyalisme de
pic~pic
frilled~frilled
colleague's~collègues
Cubans~Cubains
showtime~afficher l'heure
aughts~aughts
farcical~farcical
flusters~flusters
digresses~digresses
brighten~éclairer
Concepcion's~Concepcion de
diverting~diverting
Sui's~sui de
cubbyhole~cubbyhole
extraneously~extraneously
liberalising~la libéralisation
rheumatism's~le rhumatisme de
tryout~Essaie
sixteenths~croches
paint's~des peintures
hoarder's~de accapareur
cruelly~cruelly
peppercorn's~poivres
buffet's~buffet de
RFC~RFC
deities~deities
departmentalises~departmentalises
tuttis~tutti
disports~disports
spikes~pointes
judges~juges
refunding~remboursement
infinitival~infinitif
movables~biens meubles
waspishness's~waspishness de
colourfastness~solidité de la couleur
thanked~a remercié
trading~commerce
perturbed~perturbée
tuxes~tuxes
Nazism~nazisme
talisman's~talisman de
reality's~la réalité de
parsec's~parsec de
scene~scène
Lohengrin~Lohengrin
overcompensation's~de surcompensation
tunefulness~tunefulness
carob's~caroubiers de
gender~gender
foreknew~foreknew
eyeopener's~eyeopener's
tongueless~tongueless
fuel~fuel
abet~une mise
antecedence~antécédence
conjoining~conjoindre
keypads~claviers
proprietress~propriétaire
streetlights~lampadaires
bagpiper's~cornemuseur de
sash~ceinture
healthfulness's~de healthfulness
Bunyan~Bunyan
colander~égouttoir
reintroduces~réintroduit
wasps~guêpes
cauliflower's~chou-fleur de
Nam's~Nam de
defraying~defraying
Eisenstein's~Eisenstein
reintroduction~réintroduction
spasmodically~spasmodiquement
adagios~adagios
underlip~lippe
britches~britches
stroking~Caresser
sportswriter's~de sportswriter
doodlebug~doodlebug
cream~cream
bullheaded~tête de taureau
secession's~sécession de
postscript's~postface de
Mendelssohn~Mendelssohn
ethnicity~ethnicity
prioritised~priorité
Mackinac's~Mackinac de
flocks~flocks
sprinkler's~extinction à eau diffusée
platting~platting
anhydrous~anhydre
crystallised~crystallised
tux~smoking
tacked~clouée
tower's~tour de
coevally~coevally
supposedly~soi-disant
degrade~degrade
extemporise~extemporise
Rick's~Rick
ironware~ironware
partridge~perdrix
matchmaker's~de entremetteur
toddled~trottiné
limitations~limites
ponderers~ponderers
unfriendliness~unfriendliness
breadboards~Breadboards
sideburns~pattes
Chayefsky~Chayefsky
greying~greying
Balaton~Balaton
drubbings~drubbings
amercement's~amercement de
provolone~Provolone
girdle's~girdle's
wetlands~zones humides
unprivileged~sans droits
Blantyre~Blantyre
menstrual~menstruel
enfeebles~enfeebles
alarmist~alarmiste
jammiest~jammiest
June~juin
oxymoron's~de oxymore
braze~souder
enters~enters
outselling~Outselling
eavesdrops~eavesdrops
cholecystectomy~cholécystectomie
monotheism~monothéisme
camera's~appareils photo
incursions~incursions
sleekness~sleekness
townee~townee
comatose~comateux
flagstaff~flagstaff
hydraulically~hydrauliquement
baster~baster
cannonball's~ce boulet de canon de
harvesters~moissonneuses
adapt~adapter
circumstantially~circonstancielle
scrumped~scrumped
canst~canst
ossification's~de l'ossification
scrumming~scrumming
swatch's~swatch
basketwork~vannerie
abort~avorter
bandoleer~bandoleer
Fernandez's~Fernandez de
guided~guided
oppressor~oppresseur
rasp's~Années râpe
Carborundum~Carborundum
Reformations~reformations
honouree~lauréat
poncy~Poncy
fibrin's~fibrin's
suburban's~banlieue de
waiting~attendre
genera~genera
Malaysian's~de Malaisie
nucleons~nucléons
hemming~ourlets
Soave's~Soave de
Timurid's~Timurid de
monomania's~Années monomanie
sensuously~sensuellement
courtier's~courtier's
slid~glissé
oculist's~de oculiste
syringed~seringué
cicatrix's~cicatrix de
Nikkei~Nikkei
cluttered~encombrées
offensive's~oFFENSIVE
eggbeater's~eggbeater's
mutant~mutant
alleviating~soulager
bimetallism's~bimétallisme de
ruffles~volants
buglers~clairons
slumbered~sommeillé
bearskin~bonnet à poil
tumbleweeds~tumbleweeds
gracelessly~gracelessly
deflation's~deflation's
outdraws~outdraws
hardwood~hardwood
theological~théologique
sniffy~sniffy
Westphalia~Westphalie
Oldfield~Oldfield
convince~convince
sibilants~sifflantes
Heller~vrai démon
connived~connivé
ingots~lingots
chore's~corvées
outliving~vivre plus longtemps
gook~gook
horologist's~horloger de
Skylab's~Skylab de
sectaries~sectateurs
Gwalior~Gwalior
exhilarating~exhilarating
glittered~glittered
Egypt's~Egypte de
philanthropist's~philanthrope de
cripple's~cripple's
medicinal~médicinal
scalpels~scalpels
evading~evading
iodine~iode
Evangelina's~Evangelina de
protested~protesté
various~divers
marathoner~marathonienne
bewitchment~ensorcellement
hogged~déchiqueté
incarnadines~incarnadines
Bolshevism's~bolchevisme de
weaponized~militarisé
Abdul~Abdul
justifying~justifier
Shorthorn's~Années Shorthorn
megastar~Megastar
ankh's~Années ankh
fraudulence's~fraudulence's
tarty~tarty
ladyship~ladyship
spinster's~de spinster
barometrically~barométrique
unwritten~non écrit
Gestapo's~Gestapo
formalised~formalised
manageability's~de gestion de
uncovers~découvre
sportsmanship~esprit sportif
Cordilleras~cordillères
sludgier~sludgier
hothead's~de hothead
amicably~amicalement
quench~éteindre
prestige~prestige
Oppenheimer~Oppenheimer
derivatives~derivatives
Selkirk's~Selkirk de
fiduciary's~fiduciary's
adjudications~adjudications
standardisation~standardisation
inanimately~inanimately
riffle~riffle
occurring~survenant
bletch~bletch
mincer's~hachoir de
grain's~grain's
councillor~councillor
extemporises~extemporises
infatuations~engouements
inquirer~enquêteur
muskiness's~musquée de
Len~Len
blight's~brûlure de
sitars~sitar
razz~Razz
betides~betides
since~depuis
testers~testeurs
litigator's~plaideur de
protrude~dépasser
uncommonly~singulièrement
steer~diriger
Maoist~maoïste
Dion's~Dion
watchdog's~chiens de garde
reforging~reforger
sexy~sexy
unhandy~incommode
tater's~tater de
walkaway~victoire facile
Scandinavian~scandinave
Vulgate's~Vulgate de
cornea's~cornea's
babbling~babillage
malice's~de malice
blitzing~blitz
Zoroastrianisms~Zoroastrianisms
conquests~conquêtes
American's~Les Américains
monogramming~monogrammes
adore~adorer
purpose's~but de
curate's~curate's
hassle's~tracas de
sessions~sessions
Kosygin's~Kossyguine de
Toni~Toni
Chauncey's~Chauncey de
durum~durum
club's~club
ten's~dizaines
preschools~écoles maternelles
informativeness~informativité
niggards~niggards
modishly~modishly
philosophy's~La philosophie de
bouncily~bouncily
cleaner~nettoyeur
poor~pauvre
deject~deject
freshly~freshly
Midway's~À mi-chemin de
pearl~perle
morbidity~morbidité
straitjacketed~carcan
cutter~cutter
homeward~du retour
authenticity's~authenticité de
washroom's~salle d'eau de
Scud~filer à toute vitesse
Cobain's~Cobain de
pawnshop's~prêteur sur gage
ranting~rodomontade
billing~facturation
medallists~médaillés
particularities~les particularités
Bryce's~Bryce de
fainting~fainting
Antananarivo's~Antananarivo de
electroplate~electroplate
veritably~véritablement
footrace's~footrace's
gerontological~gerontological
dermatitis's~dermatitis's
discriminate~discriminate
uselessly~inutilement
discipline's~discipline's
warbonnet~Warbonnet
collectivising~collectivisation
quadruplicated~quadruplicated
bluet's~Années bluet
whipcord~whipcord
biochemists~biochimistes
interchangeably~interchangeable
daydream's~daydream's
caiman~caïman
crinkling~crinkling
palfreys~haquenées
dampness's~dampness's
difficulty~difficulty
lockers~Casiers
undergarment's~sous-vêtements
Cardiff's~Cardiff de
pessimism's~le pessimisme de
daemon's~daemon's
cackled~caqueté
goalscorers~goalscorers
reward~récompense
seethe~voir le
ghost~ghost
scoopfuls~scoopfuls
intensity~intensité
peruses~peruses
phosphate~phosphate
zippers~fermetures à glissière
deviations~deviations
Mazatlan~Mazatlan
seaman~marin
novelisation~novelisation
Zoroastrians~zoroastriens
mp~mp
Shankara's~Shankara de
escapement~escapement
neologism~néologisme
Catt~Catt
imbecility~imbécillité
moderateness~modicité
Berenice's~Berenice de
disillusioning~disillusioning
remaindering~remaindering
buckeyes~Buckeyes
immovably~immobile
octane~octane
satisfy~satisfaire
euthanasia's~euthanasia's
stringers~lisses
gators~gators
Armageddons~Armageddons
collars~colliers
battlement~battlement
CGI~CGI
flypast~flypast
micrometers~micromètres
reflate~relancer
prearrangement's~prearrangement de
Ringo's~Ringo de
dolts~dolts
crisis's~crisis's
tortured~torturé
metricising~metricising
shoulder~épaule
creamery's~creamery's
flower~flower
euphonious~euphonious
gruesomer~gruesomer
sportspeople~sportspeople
scarping~en grattant
fingered~fingered
styli~stylets
sinews~nerf
scuffle~bagarre
gander~gander
presses~presses
swiping~balayant
pastor's~du pasteur
hank's~hank's
bitchier~bitchier
surtaxing~surtaxing
spaceship's~vaisseau spatial de
Shijiazhuang's~Shijiazhuang de
boob's~ballot de
shave's~rasage de
gasps~gasps
conscientiousness~conscience
trespasses~offenses
radiographer's~radiographer de
chockablock~chockablock
renounced~renoncé
annihilated~annihilé
displays~displays
monotonousness's~de monotonie
Virgie's~Virgie de
pluralism's~le pluralisme de
intermediately~intermédiairement
Preston's~Preston de
Quebecois~québécois
father's~father's
Chou's~Chou
shatterproof~incassable
stead~place
laminate's~stratifié de
discomfiture~discomfiture
haemorrhaging~haemorrhaging
frisson~frisson
Nannie's~Nannie de
prerogative's~prérogative de
sparrows~moineaux
hijab~hijab
quailing~quailing
Creighton's~Creighton de
assignors~cédants
gearwheel's~gearwheel's
faraway~faraway
telephotography~téléphotographie
Tod~Tod
interwar~interguerre
natter's~Natter de
cordoned~cordoned
gamete~gamete
chaperone~chaperon
bearable~supportable
bulletining~bulletining
hominoids~hominoïdes
filtrates~filtrates
discontented~discontented
canonical~canonique
restoratives~reconstituants
gamier~gamier
Lucretius's~Lucretius de
defecation~defecation
nevertheless~Néanmoins
stupendously~prodigieusement
warder~gardien de prison
epiphanies~epiphanies
spongecake~gateau éponge
chattel's~de biens meubles
gamblers~gamblers
Ptolemaic's~ptolémaïque de
derailment~derailment
Schwartz's~Schwartz
influx's~afflux de
chlorofluorocarbon~chlorofluorocarbone
Confederate's~confédéré de
automatised~automatisée
capsulise~capsulise
Uccello's~Uccello de
hoydens~hoydens
accoutrements~accoutrements
Arawak~Arawak
incongruously~incongruously
incarcerates~incarcère
dogies~dogies
Slashdot's~Slashdot de
rogues~rogues
venison's~Années venaison
becks~Becks
terminable~résiliable
scrimshawing~scrimshawing
Schelling's~Schelling
withing~sont acceptés dans les
Mercia~Mercia
Benton's~Benton
lack~manquer de
Fairbanks's~Années Fairbanks
rummages~farfouille
dispirits~dispirits
y'all~y'all
tormented~tourmenté
jibe's~de empannage
eucalyptus~eucalyptus
berm~berme
moulting~mues
groin~groin
insured~assuré
Plutarch's~Plutarque
crows~crows
offset's~le décalage de
caribou's~caribou de
irredeemable~irréparable
transmissions~transmissions
Robbin's~Robbin de
chicer~chicer
talking~parlant
law's~lois
darkener's~darkener's
enacts~enacts
wooers~soupirants
Tut's~Tut de
trophies~trophées
glistened~glistened
untwisted~sans torsion
prefabricating~préfabrication
Bujumbura's~Bujumbura de
mainmasts~grands mâts
eclogue~eclogue
Broadways~Broadways
Geritol~Geritol
beckoning~montrant du doigt
molested~molesté
muzzy~confus
hatchets~hachettes
epithelium's~epithelium's
klutziest~klutziest
provocation~provocation
Confederates~confédérés
god~god
cinders~escarbilles
reintegrate~réintégrer
overclocked~overclocké
undesirable~indésirable
outback's~outback de
besieger's~assiégeant de
waving~en agitant
radicchio's~radicchio de
pomegranate's~grenade de
tensor~tenseur
grandiose~grandiose
agglutinated~agglutinées
educability's~educability's
aware~conscient
fluffing~fluffing
huller~décortiqueuse
recapitulation's~de récapituler
flyway's~flyway's
Beckett~Beckett
azalea~azalée
trinket's~de babiole
kapok's~kapok de
valetudinarians~valétudinaires
Isabella's~Isabella
prevalence's~prévalence de
perished~péri
Shelly's~Shelly
auctioning~mise aux enchères
resiliency~élasticité
ENE~ENE
martians~martiens
campfires~feux de camp
nimbly~agilement
acrimony~acrimonie
bludgeoned~matraqué
elephantiasis's~elephantiasis's
peppiest~peppiest
Abernathy's~Abernathy de
stairways~escaliers
sidetrack's~de sidetrack
deadest~deadest
suborders~suborders
whups~whups
asterisked~suivis d'un astérisque
mignonette~mignonette
coined~inventé
tandems~tandems
prefix's~préfixe de
cannonade's~canonnade de
unwell~indisposé
jugfuls~jugfuls
repining~repining
Guam~Guam
excoriating~excoriating
Poppins~Poppins
minimum~le minimum
cancers~cancers
graphologists~graphologists
conveners~conveners
undress's~dévêtir de
Garza~Garza
overdosing~surdosage
tobacconists~buralistes
PMing~PMing
deftness~deftness
mummifies~momifie
Lionel~Lionel
wader~échassier
perusing~lisant attentivement
glamouring~glamouring
mountaintop~sommet de la montagne
unexceptional~unexceptional
unadvertised~sans publicité
scrooges~scrooges
heartiness~jovialité
removing~la suppression
reanalysed~réanalysé
greyest~greyest
cuddliest~cuddliest
telemarketers~télévendeurs
chichis~Chichis
perfumer~parfumeur
appliqueing~Couture d'appliqués
doodles~doodles
emigrating~emigrating
reappearances~réapparitions
ejaculation~ejaculation
Newman's~Newman
voicemails~messages vocaux
underpopulated~sous-peuplé
unpolished~non poli
tabled~déposé
Longstreet~Longstreet
chilblain's~engelures de
acupuncturist~acupuncteur
hireling's~de larbin
coalition~coalition
wetness~humidité
Chagall's~Chagall de
socialists~socialistes
childishness's~enfantillages de
cloudy~nuageux
physical's~de physique
Gromyko's~Gromyko de
flakier~flakier
aphoristically~aphorisme
overreacted~réagi de manière excessive
mistrial~erreur judiciaire
Felicity's~Felicity de
prognosticated~pronostiquée
hulas~Hulas
attendance's~la participation de
distillate's~distillate's
strangulate~étrangler
pinsetters~requilleurs
briquette's~briquette de
mellifluously~mellifluously
getaway~getaway
perinatal~périnatale
photojournalism's~de photojournalisme
brunette~brunette
Blaine's~Blaine
palindrome~palindrome
Mar~Mar
irritatingly~irritatingly
Ni~Ni
credo~credo
workingman's~de workingman
Orizaba~Orizaba
deliberative~deliberative
chafe~irriter
slothfully~paresseusement
Byron~Byron
terribleness's~de terribleness
reductive~réductrice
direly~direly
imaging~imagerie
prospecting~prospection
cachets~cachets
fears~fears
invert's~Inverser de
dratted~dratted
satiric~satyrique
emends~emends
ballgame~jeu de balle
caregivers~fournisseurs de soins
comping~Comping
samurai's~samouraïs de
permeability's~de perméabilité
constriction's~rétrécissement de
loaves~pains
Negresses~négresses
armistices~armistices
demesne~demesne
fortuity~fortuity
Cote~Cote
cliche~cliché
ripen~mûrir
coloratura's~colorature de
sourish~aigrelet
discotheque's~discotheque's
Bombay~Bombay
apostrophe~apostrophe
snazzy~snazzy
presidency~présidence
bohemianism~vie de bohème
commissions~commissions
ensured~ensured
Iago~Iago
homeschooling~école-maison
floorwalker's~floorwalker's
threescores~threescores
Bella~Bella
feminist's~feminist's
spidery~tremblé
dank~dank
longhorns~longhorns
kowtows~prosterne
incenses~incenses
pinto~pie
nickered~nickered
railroad's~chemin de fer de
brownness~brownness
Rob's~Rob de
ramblers~ramblers
footbridge~footbridge
wattled~wattled
walkway~passerelle
Heidi's~Heidi
mosh~mosh
Irtish's~Années Irtyche
erelong~erelong
manilla~manille
restatements~retraitements
raspiest~raspiest
comprehension~compréhension
iconic~iconique
quibbler~chicaneur
Craft's~Artisanat
wheelchair's~fauteuil roulant de
Milne~Milne
dauphin's~dauphin's
hippy's~hippy de
overloading~surcharge
ankle~cheville
grouchiest~grouchiest
Kunming's~Kunming de
subleased~sous-location
Bourbaki's~Bourbaki
credulity's~credulity's
duos~duos
exasperate~exasperate
roofing~toiture
beta~bêta
acyclovir~acyclovir
spat~prise de bec
issues~problèmes
ringer's~Ringer
prostrating~prosternant
deskilling~deskilling
clunkers~prime à la casse
fishwife's~fishwife's
deserving~deserving
essence's~essence's
Antipas~Antipas
settees~canapés
Betsy~Betsy
Qatari~Qatari
Bermudan's~bermudien de
loyal~fidèle
berth's~couchette de
swag~Style
famines~famines
garnet's~garnet's
overuses~surexploite
Jeanie's~Jeanie de
informally~de façon informelle
cockfights~cockfights
Hispanic~hispanique
unstops~unstops
directness~directness
Armani's~années Armani
whitewash's~lait de chaux de
hot~chaud
morass~marécage
seismograph's~sismographe de
comaker~comaker
priviest~priviest
fingertip's~fingertip's
winterised~au hiver
braggadocio~fanfaronnade
snack~casse-croûte
loin's~lombes
chansons~chansons
sploshes~sploshes
resonators~résonateurs
steam~vapeur
Rev~Tour
loathsomeness's~de répugnant
slogging~slogging
abnormal~anormal
let~laisser
wriggly~wriggly
dock~dock
trills~trilles
sensationalises~sensationalises
sickout~Sickout
skuas~labbes
hayloft~grenier à foin
eyelid's~eyelid's
coley~lieu noir
distasteful~distasteful
Yaqui's~Yaqui de
pose's~pose de
homeland's~patrie de
butterier~butterier
counterclaims~counterclaims
Danish~danois
dramatise~dramatise
treadle~pédale
storybook~livre de contes
inguinal~inguinal
bactericide~bactéricide
quicklime's~la chaux vive de
are~sont
stressing~soulignant
unfreezing~déblocage
immigrates~immigre
destabilise~destabilise
dauber's~dauber's
gladiator's~gladiator's
Olduvai~Olduvai
cordial~cordial
fibrillate~fibrillate
dwarfism~dwarfism
farewell~farewell
Altaic's~altaïques de
epoch's~epoch's
undersecretaries~sous-secrétaires
ludo~ludo
Gadsden~Gadsden
deciphers~deciphers
punk's~le punk de
manservant's~de valet de chambre
meadow~Prairie
wished~souhaité
caution's~de prudence
cookware's~cookware's
bushels~boisseaux
Marylander's~Marylander de
barre~barre
logrolling's~de logrolling
dill's~dill's
debug~debug
rapscallions~canaille
Georgina's~Georgina de
unloosing~déchaînement
impulsed~et impulsions
swankiness~swankiness
evidences~evidences
disability~disability
cutups~cutups
frigidly~frigidly
dermal~dermal
counterpane~counterpane
Osiris's~Osiris de
Rachel's~Rachel
ellipses~ellipses
demoralising~demoralising
amplifier's~amplificateur de
Heb~heb
Melpomene's~Melpomène de
ruin's~ruines
chronometer~chronomètre
South~Sud
stockiest~stockiest
kaleidoscopic~kaléidoscopique
detergents~detergents
sears~sears
singable~singable
liveryman~liveryman
Hector~Hector
temptresses~tentatrices
alchemist's~alchimiste de
domesticating~domesticating
Pawnee's~Pawnee de
Desdemona~Desdemona
surrey's~surrey de
battens~tasseaux
lassoing~lassoing
imperfection~imperfection
benightedly~benightedly
electrify~electrify
reviler~outrageux
gallbladders~gallbladders
aggravation~aggravation
ducting~ducting
duplex~duplex
crook~crook
Slavonic's~slavon de
Ptolemies~Ptolémées
hardbound~hardbound
subheading~sous-titre
tideland~tideland
unsheathes~dégaine
tipsters~tipsters
fascicle~fascicle
Kaunda~Kaunda
returnee~rapatriée
septicaemia~septicémie
rotating~tournant
perfecter~perfecter
capriciousness's~de bizarrerie
barricaded~barricadé
shacks~baraques
any~tout
countries~countries
dwellers~dwellers
exemplification's~exemplification's
gravy~gravy
gladdens~gladdens
Sterling's~STERLING
peephole's~judas de
conspiracy~conspiration
Matterhorn~Cervin
retrofired~retrofired
dale's~dale's
keratitis~kératite
nude~nu
garbanzos~garbanzos
insipidness~fadeur
Pict's~Pictes
Reynaldo's~Reynaldo de
restringing~restringing
sawflies~tenthrèdes
curtsied~curtsied
airshows~airshows
fallibility~fallibility
mandates~mandats
deliverance~deliverance
rappelled~rappelled
Napster's~Napster
decamp~decamp
boarding's~pension de
shacked~shacked
phantasmagoria~fantasmagorie
entomology~entomology
multipurpose~polyvalent
showdowns~showdowns
defiles~defiles
pederasty~pédérastie
tweeter's~tweeter années
Mesmer's~Mesmer
footwork's~footwork's
logarithms~logarithmes
flirtatiously~flirtatiously
solarium's~solarium de
cleanup~nettoyer
reconstructions~reconstructions
extrajudicial~extrajudicial
pregame~Avant-match
clip~agrafe
Nicaragua~Nicaragua
timely~opportun
antlers~ramure
purge~purge
conformers~conformères
Aladdin's~Aladdin
Sonia~Sonia
wheatgerm~germe de blé
hominy's~Hominy de
dimes~dimes
circuit's~circuit de
lens's~l'objectif de
overdraws~overdraws
limning~limning
pirogi~pirogi
tapper's~tapeur de
Albania's~Albanie de
hoosegows~hoosegows
filterer~filterer
roadies~roadies
Oder~Oder
veld's~de veld
disengaged~disengaged
limiter's~limiteur de
fryer~fryer
dependency's~dependency's
jennet's~genet de
Sallie~Sallie
ancillary~auxiliaire
effluence's~effluence's
Algonquian~algonquienne
creak~creak
inquietude~inquietude
carving~sculpture
Peggy~Peggy
lithographing~lithographier
hobby's~passe-temps de
trauma's~expérience traumatisante
journeymen~ouvriers
charmless~charmless
downing~downing
unintelligent~inintelligent
webfoot~webfoot
helmsmen~barreurs
physiotherapy's~de physiothérapie
fallow's~fallow's
vacuums~aspirateurs
chewiness~chewiness
midwinter's~midwinter de
svelter~svelte
unsubstantial~peu solide
Norsemen~norsemen
cayuse's~cayuse de
vaunts~vante
scrounges~scrounges
Carney~Carney
composited~composited
seance's~seance de
unripened~non affiné
Eugenie's~Eugénie
misjudge~mal évaluer
Biscay's~Gascogne de
sheet's~feuilles
Woods~les bois
musician's~les musiciens
oared~avirons
brevity~brièveté
reinsertion's~de réinsertion
recluse~reclus
stains~taches
Saul~Saul
collectively~collectivement
dissing~dissing
astrophysical~astrophysique
towelettes~lingettes
Cowley~Cowley
given~given
censure~censurer
chompers~Chompers
pilferage's~de chapardage
nonconformists~conformistes
barbershops~salons de coiffure
nineteen~dix-neuf
welsher~welsher
carnivals~carnavals
diphtheria's~diphtheria's
watchband~watchband
plainness~simplicité
knead~pétrir
Nathaniel~Nathaniel
primrose~primevère
rum's~le rhum de
gyroscopes~gyroscopes
Burnside's~Burnside de
dumpster~dumpster
planted~planté
novella~novella
Chang's~Chang
pureeing~réduire en purée
cravens~cravens
hitchhiking~auto-stop
concrete's~béton de
gracious~gracious
twerps~twerps
pesticide~pesticide
Osbert~Osbert
procured~achetés
silt's~de limon
salacious~salace
exciting~exciting
kingfisher~martin-pêcheur
Woolf~Woolf
fieldworker's~fieldworker's
fustiest~fustiest
sapience's~sapience de
elusively~elusively
denationalises~denationalises
Lycra's~Lycra
workmates~collègues de travail
sine~sinus
frizziest~frizziest
Nembutal's~Nembutal de
Frank's~Frank
textbook's~manuel de
hennaing~hennaing
literati's~Années lettrés
Ester~Ester
unsightlier~unsightlier
contaminant's~contaminant's
antimatter~antimatière
reclassifies~reclasse
French~français
bluebottles~bluebottles
Europa's~Europa de
reviewers~critiques
Gd's~Années Gd
retested~retestés
Eaton~Eaton
Pantheon's~Panthéon de
outbuildings~dépendances
muckrakes~muckrakes
timings~timings
micromanagement's~de microgestion
clinical~clinique
vaporising~vaporisant
inmate's~détenu de
Odin~Odin
Scottie's~Scottie de
coder~codeur
babysitting~Baby-sitting
concurrent~concurrent
mince~hacher
llano's~Llano de
oscillator~oscillateur
sicknesses~maladies
venereal~vénérien
youngster's~jeune de
Hakluyt's~Hakluyt de
internalisation's~intériorisation de
Miami's~MIAMI
Coventries~Coventries
cellular~cellulaire
Erika's~Erika de
plagiarised~plagié
keel's~quille de
thickheaded's~de borné
mining~exploitation minière
crooked~crooked
constitutionalism~constitutionnalisme
consumers~consumers
breaching~une brèche
napoleon's~napoleon de
hijacker's~pirate de l'air de
launderer's~de blanchisseur
gazillions~gazillions
recognises~reconnaît
Iaccoca~Iaccoca
proclivity~propension
thoughtful~réfléchi
ungoverned~ungoverned
impolitely~impoliment
raisers~éleveurs
Clarke~Clarke
percolate~filtrer
subscribed~souscrit
restating~retraiter
nullification~infirmation
pubescence~pubescence
indicated~indiqué
rewording~nouvelle formulation
backrest's~dossier de
Tutsi's~Tutsi de
arcane~ésotérique
culprit's~culprit's
Madurai~Madurai
caginess~caginess
Caterpillar~chenille
coolie~coolie
Deming~Deming
disadvantageous~disadvantageous
imperative~impératif
adequacy's~l'adéquation de
nondepartmental~nondepartmental
ageless~sans âge
patching~patcher
thrust~poussée
wildfowl's~de gibier d'eau
predominantly~principalement
pasturage's~de pacage
rout's~débandade de
sifter~tamiseur
ACTH~ACTH
emasculating~emasculating
menthol~menthol
auburn~auburn
harrow~herse
teach~apprendre
prolixity's~de prolixité
deplane~deplane
mop's~vadrouille de
Anastasia~Anastasia
amylase's~amylase de
karma's~karma de
smut's~cochonneries de
Luxembourg's~Luxembourg de
sandlotters~sandlotters
kerbs~bordures
rapper~rappeur
trematode~trématodes
Melody~Mélodie
tools~outils
puckers~fronces
frostbite~frostbite
typesetter~compositeur
briniest~briniest
reeked~empestait
trailblazing's~trailblazing de
windsurfing's~planche à voile de
grenadine~grenadine
recoloured~recolorés
monopolistic~monopoliste
beefsteak~Steak de bœuf
progress~le progrès
undercarriages~atterrisseurs
bellyaches~maux de ventre
Brunelleschi's~Brunelleschi
blasphemy's~le blasphème de
progressive~progressive
ambivalence~ambivalence
gondola~gondola
reconsider~reconsidérer
deceitful~deceitful
subscript~indice
gauchest~gauchest
tombolas~tombolas
principled~fondée sur des principes
disenchantment~disenchantment
saviour~Sauveur
emerged~emerged
Eastman~Eastman
travelogues~travelogues
salaams~salamalecs
copulate~copulate
civics's~de l'éducation civique
Maeterlinck's~Maeterlinck
hanky's~hanky's
haymaking~fenaison
mildewing~mildewing
overproduce~surproduire
Doonesbury~Doonesbury
googlies~googlies
Verona~Vérone
Parmesan's~parmesan de
quality's~la qualité de
privets~troènes
headhunted~pressenti
smasher~beau mec
Wagnerian~wagnérien
Fuchs~Fuchs
Chinatown's~Chinatown de
polyandry's~de la polyandrie
Wilsonian's~de wilsoniennes
Manama's~Manama de
superposition's~superposition de
Sumatran~sumatran
screwball's~loufoque de
jousted~jouté
doily~doily
Tulsa's~Tulsa de
pisses~Pisses
hellebore's~hellébore de
idealised~idéalisée
reoccupation~réoccupation
untruth's~de contrevérité
bounces~bounces
telepathy~la télépathie
Ariel's~Ariel
inclement~inclément
pariahs~parias
Khulna's~Khulna de
creationist's~creationist's
bogeys~bogeys
soother's~sucette de
inseparables~inséparables
burkas~burqas
Palisades's~Années Palisades
Corot's~Corot
globetrotting~globetrotting
predicting~prédire
midden~fumier
chlamydia~chlamydia
washtub's~Années Lavoir
iridium~iridium
judiciary~judiciaire
itched~démangé
dreaminess's~dreaminess's
ordinate~coordonner
skirmishers~skirmishers
tantra~Tantra
constipating~constipating
Yorkie~Yorkie
Fe's~Fe de
heat's~chaleurs
penmanship's~de penmanship
Mongol's~Mongol de
autoimmunity's~de l'auto-immunité
extroversion~extroversion
guilt~guilt
psyche's~psyché de
redistribute~redistribuer
Lusaka~Lusaka
confirming~confirmant
medic~médical
cay~banc de sable
midge's~moucheron de
sizzled~grésillait
southern's~le sud de
misdirected~mal acheminés
nightlight~veilleuse
nymphs~nymphes
solemnity's~solennité de
shampoos~shampooings
macaroni's~macaronis de
orientalists~orientalistes
pancake~crêpe
prisoner~prisonnier
NS~NS
backpedalling~rétropédalage
compressor~compresseur
Schenectady's~Schenectady de
Suzhou's~Suzhou de
theologian's~théologien de
pumpkin~citrouille
inciting~incitation à la
rusher~rusher
swankily~swankily
Olympias~Olympias
stay~rester
voile~voile
rowlock~dame de nage
loonie's~huard de
menage~ménage
contribution~contribution
enlistee's~enlistee's
ABS~abdos
Lacy's~Lacy
cupola~cupola
uncooperative~peu coopératif
Abby~Abby
shrinkage~rétrécissement
snuggest~snuggest
alibiing~alibiing
sluicing~lavage à grande eau
Kristy's~Kristy de
wisely~judicieusement
weaved~tissé
bashfully~pudiquement
shallowness~manque de profondeur
anticipatory~anticipatif
toothiest~toothiest
hemostat's~de hémostatique
rather~plutôt
legacy~héritage
pondering~méditée
heft's~Heft de
overreacts~overreacts
calliope's~Années calliope
rear's~arrière de
claimer's~claimer de
cherub~chérubin
concern's~la préoccupation de
Nona's~Nona de
suavity~finesse
snoop's~Snoop de
suffixation~suffixation
munch~croquer
terminated~terminé par
noneffective~non efficace
kind's~son genre
Olive's~Olives
incessant~incessant
limpid~limpide
tilling~labourage
Roth's~Roth
pidgins~pidgins
Voldemort~Voldemort
disorderly~disorderly
disparate~disparate
tantalum's~le tantale de
camphor's~de camphrier
wraith~spectre
Hopewell's~Hopewell de
cardiologists~cardiologues
Olga's~Olga
potholder's~Années manique
mobbing~mobbing
areal~un vrai
deludes~deludes
larcenies~larcins
phials~emballages tubulaires
Wikipedia~Wikipédia
sacrilege's~sacrilèges de
ransacked~mis à sac
bolero's~Années Bolero
vitality~vitalité
causticity's~causticité de
maintainer~mainteneur
topographer's~de topographe
pail~seau
overlord's~Overlord de
Louisa's~Louisa
widen~élargir
shipbuilder~constructeur de navires
grudgingly~grudgingly
Monegasque~monegasque
Carrier~Transporteur
choppy~houleuse
ruggedness's~aspérité de
overvalued~surévalué
dreaded~dreaded
jot's~iota de
Blackpool's~Blackpool de
spiff~spiff
Bernice~Bernice
beauties~beautés
timeworn~timeworn
interlock~verrouillage
buggiest~buggiest
adapts~adapte
paramours~paramours
Montanans~du Montana
gap~gap
dwelling~dwelling
perjured~parjuré
myxomatosis~myxomatose
massacre's~massacre de
Menkent~Menkent
Bullwinkle~Bullwinkle
sleepy~somnolent
bronchus's~Années bronchus
plurals~pluriels
clipped~coupé
odyssey's~Odyssée
undermentioned~mentionnée ci-dessous
kabuki~Kabuki
Yalu~Yalu
skullcap~calotte
Patricia~Patricia
chichi~Chichi
Myra's~Myra de
emboldening~emboldening
project's~projets
Masters~Maîtrise
linger~traîner
sponge~éponge
fleecer~fleecer
Essene~Esséniens
bibliographer's~bibliographe de
achievement's~réalisations
resettling~réinstallant
Kamchatka's~Kamchatka de
tailgates~hayons
spinnaker~spinnaker
confines~limites
hotlink~hotlink
purloin~dérober
defamer's~defamer's
Pepys's~Années Pepys
surpassed~dépassé
trillionth's~trillion de
dropkicks~dropkicks
attendances~vacations
USSR~URSS
fullback's~fullback's
abduct~enlever
marquisette~marquisette
Tabernacle~Tabernacle
wildly~d'une manière extravagante
unseal~desceller
Benelux~Benelux
pestilence~peste
reawakening~réveil
LBJ~LBJ
shrikes~grièches
woodlot~woodlot
antigenicity~antigénicité
electioneering~electioneering
enumerator~enumerator
Steiner's~Steiner
restless~agité
reexports~réexportations
weirdness's~de bizarreries
impressibility's~impressionnabilité de
vermiculite's~vermiculite de
prolongs~prolonge
tormentingly~horriblement
snuffed~soufflée
tile's~carrelage
BBQ~un barbecue
Marion~Marion
hastes~Hastes
robin's~Robin
perihelion's~périhélie de
curlicue~curlicue
chitchat~bavardage
entertaining's~entertaining's
taproom~taproom
fitting's~fitting's
Cecil's~Cecils
modernness~modernité
dragoons~dragoons
marlinespikes~marlinespikes
plains~plaines
discriminatory~discriminatory
wheelhouse~timonerie
Maugham's~Maugham de
infomercial~infomercial
counterpoising~counterpoising
clothesline~corde à linge
hurrying~se presser
Cameroonian's~camerounais de
toilet's~toilettes
chart's~graphiques
radiates~rayonne
sensitisation~sensibilisation
detente~detente
peaky~patraque
Jane~Jeanne
Leadbelly's~Leadbelly de
viewfinders~viseurs
Barkley's~Barkley
He's~il est
Zionism~sionisme
villeinage~villeinage
buffeting~buffeting
greyhounds~greyhounds
connotation~connotation
Morse's~Morse
halfpenny's~halfpenny's
typed~typé
poring~poring
Saussure's~Saussure
humpback's~baleine à bosse de
woman's~femme de
maligning~diffamée
awry~de travers
tarragon's~estragon de
enamellings~enamellings
splices~épissures
outtakes~outtakes
cavern's~caverne de
plagiarist's~de plagiaires
covey~covey
Vito's~Vito
taxpaying~contribuables
flimsily~flimsily
incubator's~incubateur de
affronting~affrontant
balalaika~balalaika
ambiences~ambiances
proofing~épreuvage
florist's~florist's
gastronome~gastronome
minifloppies~minifloppies
unquote~fin de citation
whens~whens
snatches~bribes
foregrounded~foregrounded
saucy~grivois
littler~Littler
animism's~de l'animisme
processionals~processionals
sportive~sportif
nape~nuque
Wednesday's~de mercredi
taunter~Taunter
darling's~darling's
archbishop~archevêque
indistinctness's~de indistinction
methanol's~du méthanol
problem~problème
schlemiels~schlemiels
revamped~remanié
GI~GI
circuitousness~détours
copycat~copycat
VJ~VJ
microcosm's~microcosme de
peonage's~de péonage
luncheonette's~de luncheonette
fifthly~fifthly
Ignatius~Ignace
Berlin~Berlin
Castlereagh~Castlereagh
bargeman's~batelier de
preserves~conserves
inflates~gonfle
Danelaw~Danelaw
targets~cibles
dastardliness~dastardliness
Monte~Monte
Epicurus's~Epicure de
skylarking~Skylarking
breakfast's~petit dej
Magoo's~Magoo de
vulture~vautour
sf~sf
litchis~litchis
differentiating~differentiating
origami~origami
Ashurbanipal's~Assurbanipal de
Slavs~Slaves
friendliness~friendliness
Ramadan's~Ramadan de
dale~dale
burka~burka
Amazonian~amazonien
tendon's~tendon du
crackle's~crackle's
pastiche~pastiche
bookkeepers~aides-comptables
moralises~moralise
decompression's~decompression's
gunrunner~gunrunner
predispositions~prédispositions
ballplayer's~de joueur de baseball
luckless~malheureux
offloads~déchargements
tiddly~pompette
ptarmigan's~Années lagopèdes
timeshares~multipropriété
sprinkled~dispersé
farmings~farmings
CVS's~CVS de
why's~Pourquoi est
overcharges~surfacturations
logicality~logicité
prefix~préfixe
thaw's~dégel du
presentation's~présentation de
belligerent's~belligérant de
Mickie~Mickie
capillary's~capillaire de
Establishment~Établissement
Clausius~Clausius
globalise~globalise
oversampling~suréchantillonnage
upswing~redressement
Mobile's~mobile de
hoop~cerceau
Yvonne's~Yvonne de
lungfuls~bouffées
megalith~mégalithe
blandest~blandest
earmark's~earmark's
grizzling~grizzling
imports~importations
clunk's~clunk de
adduces~apporte des éléments
imprinters~endosseurs
intoxicate~enivrer
dehydrogenate~dehydrogenate
glamorised~glamorised
expenditure's~expenditure's
limed~chaulés
outraged~outragée
Anthony~Anthony
daybed's~daybed's
hippos~hippos
hahnium's~hahnium's
Tenochtitlan~Tenochtitlan
Lowery~Lowery
intermarrying~intermariage
playfulness~espièglerie
recurs~recurs
adapted~adapté
extincting~extincting
brie's~brie de
permute~permuter
inalienability~inaliénabilité
dubber~dubber
erratic~erratic
appellants~appelants
Sophie's~SOPHIE
kilo's~kilos
shimmed~calée
Candy's~candy
importunately~importune
Garrett~Garrett
krone~couronne
rush's~de pointe
jaggedest~jaggedest
encounter's~encounter's
Fukuyama~Fukuyama
epidermis's~epidermis's
SUSE's~SUSE de
estranged~estranged
jimmies~jimmies
impartial~impartial
waxwork~musée de cire
materialised~matérialisée
Adderley's~Adderley de
magistrate~magistrat
Zosma~Zosma
fennel~fennel
melees~melees
phrasings~phrasés
justness's~justesse de
Methodisms~Methodisms
visa's~visa de
treacle~mélasse
aristocracy's~aristocratie de
stampede~débandade
hallucinogenics~hallucinogenics
pinewoods~forêts de pins
hulk's~Hulk
hoped~espéré
obviousness~évidence
pylon~pylône
fashioning~fashioning
urinating~urinant
Antichrist~Antéchrist
pogroms~pogromes
subtotalled~sous-total
adhesive~adhésif
Scriptures~Écritures
mightily~puissamment
clambake~clambake
classing~classage
schooling~scolarité
withstand~résister
grateful~grateful
ambrosia~ambroisie
ye~vous
proselyte's~de prosélyte
antecedent's~antécédents
squeezer~presse-fruits
headroom's~hauteur de
pomp's~pompe de
Badlands~Badlands
spectacle's~lunettes
ethylene's~ethylene's
sharper~plus nette
superman~Superman
curacy's~curacy's
pantomimist~pantomime
mentalists~mentalistes
fasteners~fasteners
concentrates~concentrés
antler's~bois de
Boolean's~Boolean de
sellout~capitulation
Marquette~Marquette
reupholstered~reupholstered
infinitude~infinité de
clutch's~embrayage de
insignificantly~sans importance
rung~échelon
saucier~saucier
cane's~canne de
spankings~fessées
classifiers~classificateurs
goads~goads
franking~franking
Juniors~Juniors
dyers~dyers
crassest~crassest
scoutmasters~Scoutmasters
pipe~tuyau
inconclusiveness's~de indécidabilité
papoose~bébé peau-rouge
comprehensively~globalement
authorises~autorise
knit's~tricot de
dictionary~dictionary
lupins~lupins
bathtub's~baignoire de
Gounod's~Gounod
ockers~Ockers
dollop~dollop
Chengdu's~Chengdu de
laboured~laborieux
cushiest~cushiest
unbolts~déverrouille
stoplight~feu d'arrêt
finishes~finishes
leaden~plombé
uselessness~inutilité
nylons~nylons
journals~revues
inquisitive~curieux
fizzy~fizzy
manumit~affranchir
Zoe~Zoe
Lola~Lola
pardner~pardner
overstep~dépasser
pupil's~de l'élève
grant~grant
Ottawa~Ottawa
hawking~colportage
plugged~branché
eighth's~eighth's
deponent's~deponent's
enlargements~enlargements
thresh~battre
auto's~automatique de
strophic~strophique
proponents~les promoteurs
educational~educational
excavator~excavator
magnanimity~magnanimité
mutely~muettement
reducer~réducteur
rm~rm
leitmotif's~de fil conducteur
risque~risqué
Pepin~Pepin
bowsprits~beauprés
coracle~coracle
issuer~émetteur
stoop~se baisser
dump's~dump's
zings~zings
vexation~vexation
Odis's~Années Odis
deniable~deniable
wale's~Pays de Galles
backwoods~région forestière inexploitée
TX~TX
reconquer~reconquérir
pushcart's~pousseur de
hayed~fait les foins
odes~odes
nominations~nominations
foxily~foxily
numismatics~numismatique
admixture's~mélange de
decorative~decorative
Carnation's~oeillet de
unlimited~illimité
oversharing~oversharing
encouragingly~encouragingly
Baku's~Bakou de
preserving~conservation
mocking~railleur
door~door
bindweed~liseron
minting~monnayage
iPod's~les iPod
Vonda's~Vonda de
worm~ver
outracing~devance-
fourscore's~fourscore's
wreck's~épave de
stablemates~stablemates
unhorse~désarçonner
punkest~punkest
plastique~Plastique
Aaliyah~Aaliyah
naturism~naturisme
highball's~Années highball
perfectible~perfectibles
prepositional~préposition
scrimshaw's~scrimshaw de
unwelcome~importun
miff~fâcherie
polity's~régime politique de
crisscrossed~crisscrossed
divulged~divulged
certainly~certainement
hairnets~hairnets
feasts~feasts
biophysics~biophysique
Thelma's~Thelma de
musk~musc
toxaemia's~de toxémie
sapphire~saphir
crowdfunding~crowdfunding
roared~rugit
Baghdad's~Bagdad de
nil's~nul de
Fushun~Fushun
exoskeleton's~exoskeleton's
glamour~glamour
overconfidence~confiance aveugle
postage's~poste de
Chen's~Chen
guesstimating~guesstimating
newton's~newton de
hinter~Hinter
neat~soigné
windstorm's~de tempête de vent
dozenth~dozenth
lamplighter~allumeur de réverbères
sharer~partageur
irides~irides
utensil~ustensile
sodomises~sodomises
pralines~pralines
Holst~Holst
alleyway~ruelle
rhapsody's~rhapsodie de
sprite's~sprite de
purger's~de purgeur
disassembles~disassembles
wig's~perruque de
critters~critters
decencies~decencies
windily~windily
Huntington~Huntington
slipcase's~emboîtage de
ordain~ordonner
remembrance's~souvenirs
floodlit~floodlit
continues~continues
waveband~bande de fréquences
stimulant~stimulant
spurring~stimulant
erosive~erosive
Plataea's~Platée de
coronets~coronets
harpooners~harponneurs
stunned~étourdi
interweaving~entrelacement
sponger's~de sponger
ferrule~ferrule
hostelries~hôtelleries
iambics~iambics
peyote's~de peyotl
nonnuclear~non nucléaire
particles~particules
disposer~disposer
smithereens's~Années Smithereens
unified~unifié
minimalists~minimalistes
equestrianism~equestrianism
sailfishes~sailfish
seawall~seawall
rondo~rondo
Fulbright's~Fulbright de
discovery~discovery
mixers~mélangeurs
plonkers~plonkers
notoriety's~la notoriété de
Sahara~Sahara
authentication's~l'authentification de
maidservant's~de soubrette
congratulation~félicitation
outgoes~outgoes
Ananias's~Années Ananias
sharecropper's~de métayer
adulterer~adultère
Baldwins~Baldwins
cretinous~cretinous
Stygian~ténébreux
fancy~fancy
recondite~obscur
emphatic~emphatic
bradycardia~bradycardie
adjures~adjure
acridity~acerbité
scooters~scooters
nearside~nearside
grubs~grubs
Canaveral~canaveral
hunter's~Hunter
reversals~renversements
cameramen~cameramen
marination's~de marinage
stepladders~escabeaux
dobbing~dobbing
hydrofoil~hydrofoil
tensity's~de tensity
porthole's~sabord de
squelch's~squelch de
quahog~quahog
transliterates~translittération
draughtswoman~draughtswoman
inspire~inspirer
inches~pouces
devil~devil
tramped~piétiné
impolitenesses~impolitenesses
particulate's~particules de
razorbacks~Razorbacks
battledores~battoirs
counterblasts~counterblasts
toppling~renversant
Baltimore's~de Baltimore
Serbian's~de la Serbie
peacemaker's~artisan de la paix de
bombastically~emphatiquement
Dyer's~tinctoriale
saleswoman~vendeuse
sipper's~Années Sipper
prognoses~pronostics
treacheries~traîtrises
slipped~glissé
Gordon's~Gordon
Sallie's~Sallie de
scrub's~années gommage
fourposter's~fourposter's
byproducts~sous-produits
discontinuation~discontinuation
appearance's~les apparences
Akita's~Années Akita
down~down
Paul~Paul
Ptolemaic~ptolémaïque
Born~Née
ensue~ensue
circle's~cercle
Samson's~Samson
moreish~moreish
Silva~Silva
litigiousness~procédurier
coos~coos
thunderously~tonitruante
bypass's~de dérivation
quotient~quotient
Cannes's~Cannes de
accentuation's~de l'accentuation
underfeeds~underfeeds
Andy's~Andy
refashions~refaçonne
tacklers~plaqueurs
Orlon~orlon
endeavoured~endeavoured
kingfisher's~martin-pêcheur de
washboards~washboards
ohs~OHS
Frodo's~Frodon de
slowdowns~ralentissements
organ's~organes
scrapers~grattoirs
encrusting~encrusting
Meiji's~Meiji de
cornflower's~cornflower's
funicular's~funicular's
improvidence~imprévoyance
waitperson's~waitperson de
angles~angles
laundresses~blanchisseuses
warmth's~la chaleur de
supremacy~suprématie
bloodier~plus sanglante
Donnie~Donnie
techs~techs
tailing~tailing
prepayment's~remboursement anticipé de
pore~pore
Lydia's~Lydia
neophytes~néophyte
detoxified~detoxified
Tc's~TC
trickle~ruisseau
unhesitatingly~sans hésiter
sieve~tamis
ficklest~ficklest
illuminable~éclairable
waterhole~point d'eau
occlude~occlure
podiatrists~podiatres
fondues~fondues
gross~gross
impressive~impressionnant
carpus~carpe
semiautomatic~semi-automatique
partnering~partenariat
cadmium~cadmium
creamed~creamed
requiter~requiter
goodly~goodly
meh~meh
snowiest~plus enneigé
limiest~limiest
flu's~flu's
misspeaks~misspeaks
quandary~dilemme
landsmen~landsmen
rapidity~rapidité
rebirth~Renaissance
tradespeople's~des gens de métier de
Ivanhoe~Ivanhoé
quadrilaterals~quadrilatères
euchring~euchring
indissolubility~indissolubilité
pillorying~pilori
deduction's~deduction's
unemotional~impassibles
assortment~assortiment
decadence's~decadence's
sort's~est une sorte
feinted~feinted
avalanche's~avalanche de
Berger~Berger
steamroller's~rouleau compresseur de
Niger~Niger
sandblaster~sableuse
middleman's~de middleman
importing~importation
inappreciably~inappréciable
Kandinsky~Kandinsky
nameable~nommable
Kingston's~Kingston de
emitters~emitters
hydroxide~hydroxyde
photosynthesise~photosynthétiser
parsimony~parcimonie
dreamboats~dreamboats
Bangalore's~Bangalore de
guardroom's~guardroom's
hangings~hangings
sciences~les sciences
overcoat's~manteau de
heartiest~plus chaleureux
disarrays~disarrays
laundrywoman's~de blanchisseuse
antsy~antsy
schema~schéma
Michelin~Michelin
mourning~deuil
smoothed~lissé
homily~homélie
shooters~tireurs
supers~surimpressions
chinking~tintement
traversing~traversant
Wycherley~Wycherley
Chaitin~Chaitin
whippletree's~Whippletree de
Mahabharata's~Mahabharata de
solidification~solidification
hyperventilates~hyperventilates
bairns~Bairns
Ludwig~Ludwig
canoes~canoës
thickness's~épaisseur de
firewall's~firewall's
criminalise~criminalise
Gael's~Gael de
bake~cuire
pantheon's~pantheon de
ballplayers~joueurs de baseball
calypso's~Calypso
mesomorphs~mesomorphs
pitchman's~pitchman de
Waters's~eaux de
grad~grad
dandled~dandled
cuneiform~cuneiform
jay's~JAY
clearway~prolongement dégagé
rapidest~rapidest
droll~droll
Nefertiti's~Nefertiti de
butch~hommasse
soughed~soughed
nitwit's~de nitwit
Luther's~Luther
petting's~caresses intimes de
foxing~foxing
invocations~invocations
pullbacks~pullbacks
rash~téméraire
refuelled~ravitaillé
grouted~grouted
vials~flacons
convoying~convoying
teleconferencing~téléconférence
untouched~intact
Pickett~Pickett
Gagarin~Gagarine
gambling~gambling
aftereffect~répercussion
puts~met
Wilma's~Wilma
thermals~ascendances
patents~brevets
replied~a répondu
cps~cps
shaped~en forme de
concealable~dissimulable
bimonthly~bimensuel
V's~Contre
sidepieces~sidepieces
Fokker's~Fokker
impotence~impuissance
clasp's~années fermoir
monster~monstre
unenclosed~unenclosed
exhaustible~exhaustible
starlings~étourneaux
Benny~Benny
beechnuts~faînes
Martinez's~Martinez de
relight~ranimer
kilogram's~kg de
standing~permanent
precipitating~précipitant
humbled~humilié
bold~audacieux
guardrails~guardrails
represses~repressages
unfolded~dépliée
tombstone~pierre tombale
dative~dative
twirling~virevoltant
overnight~pendant la nuit
serfdom~servage
whip~fouet
eczema~eczema
ambidexterity's~de ambidextrie
besieging~assiégeant
quasars~quasars
Uris's~Années Uris
librettist~librettiste
commissionaires~commissionnaires
visit's~visite de
carhop's~carhop de
Mancini's~Mancini
flashgun~flashgun
nonwhite's~de nonwhite
Cotonou's~Cotonou de
cupric~cupric
prefrontal~préfrontal
metre~mètre
perennially~éternellement
uplifted~exalté
paperhanger~peintre-tapissier
substantive's~de fond
conductresses~conductresses
Czechoslovakia's~Tchécoslovaquie de
rainfall~chute de pluie
deeded~deeded
hyphened~hyphened
mafia's~mafia de
frazzle~frazzle
David~David
rattletrap~guimbarde
Politburo~Politburo
Condorcet~Condorcet
toothpick's~cure-dent de
navel's~le nombril
items~articles
glaceing~glaceing
Canaanite~Cananéen
crochet's~crochet's
stunk~puait
Linuxes~Linux peuvent
nipping~mordiller
accident~accident
victor's~vainqueur de
lifetimes~durée de vie
skate~patin
nightmarish~cauchemardesque
replete~rempli
dowdies~dowdies
meteorologist's~météorologue de
biked~fait du vélo
Luria~Luria
mark~marque
latchkey~latchkey
MT's~MT de
unconsciousness's~la perte de conscience de
tumescence~tumescence
godliness~godliness
rearrangements~réarrangements
pacesetters~Précurseurs
deciduous~deciduous
Tsongkhapa~Tsongkhapa
modules~modules
electroplates~electroplates
collard~collard
divisiveness~divisiveness
Snickers's~Années Snickers
ransom's~rançon
departed~departed
apparently~Apparemment
Borg~Borg
Montaigne's~Montaigne
midden's~Années tertres
newsdealer's~de marchand de journaux
wrest~ravir
doubling~doubling
macs~macs
Puckett~Puckett
clipping~coupure
fantail~fantail
insaner~insaner
Benacerraf~Benacerraf
abreast~courant
obeisances~révérences
buskin's~cothurne de
svelte~svelte
stammer~balbutier
Sterne~Sterne
SAM's~Sam
bonsai~bonsaïs
horsey~chevalin
breezes~brises
dismissals~dismissals
Nelly's~Nelly
McCoy's~McCoy
jollying~jollying
merchantable~vendables
barter~troc
surest~le plus sûr
overrate~surévaluer
evasive~evasive
wistfulness's~de wistfulness
cress's~cress's
presorted~prétrié
lurch's~embardée de
Mlle~mlle
carotid's~carotides de
polyglots~polyglottes
tenderloins~tenderloins
ted~ted
promptings~chuchotements
blackface~visage noir
praiseworthiness's~praiseworthiness de
reformulate~reformuler
denial~denial
bloop's~bloop de
tatty~fatigué
Stone~Pierre
buyout's~rachat de
pump~pompe
fiddliest~fiddliest
carvery~carvery
blindingly~aveuglante
Stu's~Stu de
Seinfeld~Seinfeld
cattle's~de bovins
haircut's~haircut's
Nome~Nome
sedimentation~sédimentation
lowlife~Lowlife
bistro~bistro
drivelling~drivelling
tiebreak~jeu décisif
starved~affamé
streaking~strie
gruesomest~gruesomest
hymning~hymning
afterburner's~de postcombustion
breaststroke's~brasse
seedling~semis
vascular~vasculaire
crocheter's~crocheter's
gits~gits
Austronesian's~Années austronésiennes
Orkney~Orkney
manifesting~manifestant
meas~meas
unhitched~dételé
broker~courtier
reel~bobine
pentameter~pentamètre
Moldovan~moldave
adsorbs~adsorbe
trike's~de trike
Shelby's~Shelby
Swede~Suédois
mainspring's~cheville ouvrière de
Oman's~Oman de
unfriendliness's~unfriendliness de
wort's~moût de
Po~Po
Cuchulain's~Cûchulainn de
offensives~offensives
putty~mastic
assonance's~Années assonance
grisliness~grisliness
generosity's~generosity's
fluffier~fluffier
ignite~enflammer
flail~flail
alighted~mis pied à terre
reimburse~rembourser
Shreveport~Shreveport
ftpers~ftpers
discus~discus
patriarchs~patriarches
metalworker's~de métallurgiste
Jimenez~Jimenez
fontanelles~fontanelles
fluoridation's~fluoridation's
quadruplication~quadruplement
launderers~blanchisseurs
condos~condos
hauling~halage
YouTube~Youtube
apparel's~vêtements de
chuck~mandrin
nit's~nit de
exactitude~exactitude
restoring~restauration
fittings~fittings
femininity's~femininity's
coffins~cercueils
Iranian's~de l'Iran
wear~porter
coelenterate's~de coelentérés
embezzler's~embezzler's
whisper's~murmure de
submariners~sous-mariniers
Mortimer's~Mortimer
winier~winier
haulier~transporteur
osteopathy~ostéopathique
electrostatic~electrostatic
succotash's~succotash de
topside's~face supérieure de
stitch's~point de
derogates~derogates
Loyd's~Loyd de
Pilate's~Pilate
thyroid's~thyroïde de
rearranging~réarranger
informant~informateur
moseys~moseys
feedbag~feedbag
ethnographic~ethnographic
streptococcus's~de streptocoque
brouhaha's~brouhaha de
retrenchments~retranchemens
confluence~confluence
drowning's~drowning's
Maker~Fabricant
ripoffs~ripoffs
photocopier~photocopieur
privateers~corsaires
Brandy~Cognac
curtain~curtain
bandit's~bandit de
drenching~drenching
stammer's~bègue de
ordinary~ordinaire
mistrial's~annulation du procès de
ooziest~ooziest
Harry's~Harry
mellowly~mellowly
absorbents~absorbans
meticulous~méticuleux
baronages~baronages
ingot~lingot
hatter's~Chapeauté
intelligence's~son intelligence
Weeks's~semaines de
eremite's~eremite's
dosshouse~dosshouse
handsomely~handsomely
cynically~cynically
code's~codes
cosmogonist~cosmogonist
opening~ouverture
forelock~forelock
unquenchable~inextinguible
bestiality~bestialité
Blavatsky~Blavatsky
gushing~gushing
generous~generous
plushness~plushness
pusillanimous~pusillanime
shortcakes~sablés
chophouses~chophouses
retooling~réoutillage
min~min
extinguishers~extinguishers
deems~deems
unfettering~unfettering
lashing~flagellation
communicate~communiquer
Right~Droite
barley's~orge de
pertinence~pertinence
marabous~marabous
swimming's~natation de
Sicilians~Siciliens
serve~servir
griminess's~griminess's
wealthiness's~de opulence
potshot~potshot
Blatz~Blatz
fifth's~fifth's
detonation~detonation
Paglia's~Paglia de
dogfights~dogfights
mycologist's~de mycologue
reasserted~réaffirmée
particularity~particularité
turboprop's~turbopropulseurs de
brain~cerveau
Itaipu~Itaipu
slacked~relâché
advantageous~avantageux
probosces~proboscis
occupancy's~occupation de
peeler's~éplucheur de
recording~enregistrement
squawk's~Années grincement
revision~révision
passionflower's~de passiflore
smuts~Smuts
bribery's~la corruption de
trimness~trimness
Sheryl~Sheryl
stardom~célébrité
snacking~le grignotage
belligerence's~de belligérance
hourglass's~Hourglass de
underground's~du sous-sol
ovulated~ovulé
Menzies~Menzies
Hoffa's~Hoffa de
disengaging~disengaging
collier~charbonnier
Philippians's~Années Philippiens
ErvIn's~Ervin de
sue~poursuivre en justice
Elnora~Elnora
permafrost~pergélisol
reseeds~ressème
Kerry's~Kerry
gavotte~gavotte
gymnasium~gymnasium
wastewater~Eaux usées
binder's~Binder
prepossession~prepossession
outrun~dépasser
wherein~où
chicken's~poulets
payable~payable
MacLeish's~MacLeish de
Watson~Watson
hitchhiked~autostop
sauna's~saunas
wodge~wodge
laundromat's~laverie automatique de
defibrillator~defibrillator
Piccadilly's~Piccadilly de
promos~promos
Slovakia's~Slovaquie de
northernmost~au nord
Squibb~Squibb
simony~simonie
nonequivalent's~antivalent de
infernos~brasiers
Evian's~Années d'Evian
amaze~étonner
provoker's~provocatrice de
maggots~asticots
Herbart's~Herbart de
branch~branche
confuser~confuser
inquisition~inquisition
snakelike~snakelike
cabbed~cabbed
violin~violon
quay~quai
elbowroom's~elbowroom's
clambering~escaladant
spotlights~projecteurs
toughener's~renforçateur de
psittacosis's~de la psittacose
Sunni~Sunni
mafioso's~mafioso de
inbox's~boîte de réception
contradictions~contradictions
soundchecks~soundchecks
sugarless~sans sucre
duplicity's~duplicity's
shareholder~actionnaire
eradicating~eradicating
unreserved~non réservé
atmospherically~atmosphériquement
herbals~Herbals
stampeding~Ruée
Mexico~Mexique
intricacy~complexité
cloverleafs~cloverleafs
Winchell's~Winchell de
dismantling~dismantling
governorship~governorship
rumbling~grondement
abused~abusé
birders~ornithologues
cordoning~cordoning
thud~bruit sourd
crinkle's~crinkle's
grieve~grieve
palladium's~palladium de
jell~gélifier
demimonde~demimonde
soapbox's~caisses à savon de
begriming~begriming
Kiowa~Kiowa
Hyades~Hyades
marketeer's~de marketeur
LG~LG
James~James
Easter's~Easter
sises~sises
dude's~dude's
outpacing~surpassant
mistily~mistily
Pinkerton~Pinkerton
confirmations~confirmations
predicatively~prédicativement
mescaline's~de mescaline
mastoids~mastoïdes
spaciously~spaciously
limited~limité
harmoniser's~harmonisateur de
tear's~larmes
wince~grimacer
proxies~procurations
Faulknerian's~de faulknérienne
Chattahoochee~Chattahoochee
enthralment~enthralment
Bertha's~Bertha
lose~perdre
Woolworth~Woolworth
cultivators~cultivators
fifteen's~fifteen's
gloaming's~gloaming's
kvetch~kvetch
Hester's~Hester
EOE~EOE
Aldebaran's~Aldebaran de
Kramer~Kramer
estrangement~estrangement
reacts~réagit
confectioner~confiseur
ma's~ma de
wattling~clayonnage
tousles~tousles
reforged~reforgée
yellowy~jaune
enamel~enamel
hyphenations~césures
outboasting~outboasting
creep's~creep's
IUD~DIU
rhino~rhinocéros
Bartholomew's~Barthélemy
merriest~plus joyeux
bounced~a rebondi
offsets~compensations
pubis~pubis
snowbirds~snowbirds
Wests~Wests
frothy~frothy
ugliness's~laideur de
limpets~patelles
hoop's~cerceau de
Suetonius~Suétone
lifework's~de Lifework
athirst~altéré
postconsonantal~postconsonantal
vocative~vocatif
exiting~exiting
resourcing~ressources
snootiest~snootiest
hostelry's~de hostellerie
oakum's~filasse de
pudendum~pudendum
Yosemite's~Yosemite de
transliteration~translitération
satisfyingly~satisfyingly
propagate~propager
exaltation's~exaltation's
Jaguar's~Jaguar de
wellhead~tête de puits
Syria~Syrie
magician's~magicien
deliquesce~deliquesce
EEC's~CEE du
stomachs~estomacs
biotechnological~biotechnologiques
Cotswold~Cotswold
Huxley~Huxley
uprising's~soulèvement de
Hershey~Hershey
trawler~chalutier
Louisiana~Louisiane
stealth's~furtivité de
immobilisers~immobilisers
congregating~se rassembler
temporiser's~temporiser de
Syrians~Syriens
philodendrons~philodendrons
deviants~deviants
forelimbs~forelimbs
yearlings~yearlings
tonsillectomy~amygdalectomie
Saigon's~Saigon de
minstrel~ménestrel
suffusion~gargouillis
quondam~ancien
egad~egad
ticklishness's~chatouillement de
categorically~catégoriquement
Purim's~Années Pourim
college's~COLLÈGE
gabardines~gabardines
adolescence's~adolescence de
awesomely~awesomely
centurion~centurion
alibi's~alibi
fiend~fiend
matzohs~matzohs
admonish~avertir
consciously~consciemment
Lombard~Lombard
phonically~phoniquement
mizzen's~artimon de
destabilisation~destabilisation
regrowth's~repousse de
hardcover's~hardcover's
altarpiece's~retable de
scrape~gratter
perforce~forcément
bloodmobiles~Collectemobiles
calcium's~calcium de
almanacs~almanachs
firefly~firefly
define~define
VISTA~VUE
strikeouts~retraits sur des prises
brawniness's~brawniness de
homeroom~homeroom
tablet~tablette
angrily~avec colère
manga's~manga de
Pompeii~Pompéi
trivialisation's~de trivialisation
centreboard's~de dérive
lever's~levier de
pinyon's~pinyon de
Yangtze's~Yangtze de
Huang~Huang
least's~moins de
Mojaves~Mojaves
criminology~criminology
plonked~plonked
rounding~arrondissant
crosser~crosser
glorying~glorying
cosmos~cosmos
oomph~oomph
overspecialising~overspecialising
again~encore
slumber's~sommeil de
crusading~crusading
whiffletree~palonnier
Ky~Ky
helot's~ilote de
fishiest~fishiest
Frye's~Frye
distributorships~distributorships
Diana's~Diana
crick~crick
inarticulacy~inarticulation
seborrhoea~séborrhée
Aug's~août de
riveter's~de riveter
romanced~romancé
Novocaine~Novocaïne
perfecting~perfection
salient's~saillants de
sprouts~choux
ladyship's~de ladyship
peculiarity~particularité
mooring~amarrage
outspreads~outspreads
staple~agrafe
treatise's~traité de
jazzing~jazzing
suppositions~suppositions
Enrique's~Enrique de
witnesses~les témoins
morrow~matin
putties~Plâtres
matricidal~matricide
woodland~des bois
adulterating~adultérante
caveat's~mise en garde de
repulse~repousser
deceleration's~deceleration's
At's~Chez
fiefdom's~fiefdom's
tooting~Tooting
hairpieces~hairpieces
pantheon~panthéon
lists~listes
workhorse's~de bête de somme
buffet~buffet
condolence's~condoléances
alarms~alarmes
Colo~Colo
satanists~satanistes
sass's~SASS de
tiredly~lassitude
experiment's~experiment's
mailbombing~mailbombing
trigger~gâchette
illuminating~éclairant
disarrayed~disarrayed
Dot's~dot de
sprucely~sprucely
ancient's~anciens de
jarringly~jarringly
strained~tendu
reascends~remonte sur
shipwrecking~naufrage
Popocatepetl~Popocatepetl
menstruates~menstrues
chanced~par hasard
unpleasantness's~unpleasantness de
Anabel's~anabel de
tabbed~onglets
Simenon~Simenon
tweedy~Tweedy
slouching~affalé
reapplied~nouveau appliqués
cattail's~quenouilles de
omits~omet
Webster~Webster
snowy~neigeux
intercessions~intercessions
lovelies~lovelies
pulsed~pulsée
Nativity~Nativité
quail's~cailles de
Beryl~Béryl
valeted~valeted
farmers~farmers
djellaba~djellaba
motorways~autoroutes
Californian~californien
mispronunciation's~de mispronunciation
undisguised~non déguisé
gourmet~gourmet
ruining~ruiner
flavourless~flavourless
redyes~redyes
scrapper~scrapper
claustrophobia's~de claustrophobie
angelfish's~Années angelfish
manacle's~fers
satin~satin
Okhotsk~Okhotsk
goggle~goggle
reinstate~rétablir
sloppily~sloppily
EverReady~EverReady
unfulfilling~unfulfilling
particulate~particulaire
skate's~patins
effetely~effetely
O'Connell~O'Connell
lumpectomy~tumorectomie
tangents~tangentes
heaped~entassée
calipering~compassage
valorous~valeureux
dolloped~dolloped
departs~departs
fan~fan
gripper's~gripper's
spiral's~spirale de
maliciousness~maliciousness
loggers~loggers
augustly~augustly
urgency~urgence
softer~plus douce
sirree's~Années sirree
McNaughton~McNaughton
Seine's~Seine de
snap's~pression de
tightness's~étanchéité de
aspirator's~de l'aspirateur
Z's~Z de
reweighs~reweighs
summarises~résume
editorial's~editorial's
maths~mathématiques
allegiances~allégeances
chessman's~chessman de
codependent's~codépendance de
vested~acquis
renumbered~renuméroté
mayflies~Les Ephémères
Ozymandias~Ozymandias
strychnine~strychnine
mercantile~mercantile
raping~viol
extending~extending
yearly~annuel
frosting~frosting
pigtail~natte
Lambrusco's~Lambrusco de
reattempting~réessayé
refold~repliez
shingling~bardeau
BSD~BSD
underclothing~sous-vêtements
stormier~plus tumultueuses
ladyfinger's~doigts de femme
attributive~attributif
dissatisfy~dissatisfy
integrally~d'un seul tenant
goldfinch~goldfinch
grubstake's~grubstake's
preservationists~défenseurs du patrimoine
Bernini's~Bernin de
exoduses~exoduses
equinoctial~equinoctial
pretzel's~bretzels
parentage~origine
users~utilisateurs
ligates~ligature
hatter~chapelier
tremolo's~trémolo de
tank's~réservoirs
maharishi's~Maharishi de
rustler's~Rustler de
play's~pièces
hangmen~hangmen
smuttiest~smuttiest
plausibility~plausibilité
Epcot~Epcot
formulaic~formulaic
tributary~affluent
photography's~de la photographie
hydroponics's~de hydroponiques
congressman's~membre du Congrès de
jellybean~dragée
Mao~Mao
windburn's~windburn de
subsidy~subvention
foulness~foulness
Prensa~Prensa
acquitted~acquitté
bandwidth~bande passante
gigabit's~gigabit's
Beryl's~Beryl de
classless~sans classe
thrums~Thrums
radiometric~radiométrique
delighted~delighted
Nikolai~Nikolai
sextet~sextuor
dissents~dissents
rifted~rift
abetted~encouragé à commettre
username~Nom d'utilisateur
obstacles~obstacles
darkening~darkening
Mombasa's~Mombasa de
Colby's~Colby
denotation~denotation
discouragement's~discouragement's
stitches~des points de suture
sphincter~sphincter
Roslyn's~Roslyn de
dictations~dictations
Rosales~Rosales
Marci's~Marci de
Stokes's~Stokes de
wombs~ventres
Christs~christs
consummately~consummately
Corvallis's~Années Corvallis
stalkings~Stalkings
fragmenting~fragmenting
fascists~fascists
bucketful's~bucketful de
aftershocks~répliques sismiques
nonadjustable~nonadjustable
nonequivalent~antivalent
drool's~drool's
showroom~show-room
broodmare's~poulinière de
signs~signes
inhibition's~inhibition de
ventilator~ventilateur
compartmental~compartimenté
incognitos~incognito
materialistic~matérialiste
hypnosis's~de l'hypnose
glassy~glassy
excreta's~excreta's
Cedric's~Cédric de
placental~placentaire
festiveness~festiveness
lawyer's~L'avocat de
messiah~Messie
Iaccoca's~Iaccoca de
denizen's~denizen's
comeback's~retour de
subroutine's~sous-programme de
Vader~Vader
colourfulness~truculence
broiled~grillé
marooned~marooned
sale~vente
cyclical~cyclical
sandy~sablonneux
thrombolytic~thrombolytique
daredevilry's~daredevilry's
Rapunzel's~Raiponce de
boatyards~chantiers
Shelton's~Shelton de
eleemosynary~eleemosynary
mother's~mère
tensely~tendu
warplane's~de warplane
troupes~troupes
gatherer~gatherer
recitals~récitals
introductions~introductions
placeholder~espace réservé
sectionalism~défense des intérêts d'un groupe
joker's~farceur de
fraction~fraction
wheat's~du blé
knells~glas
Levitt's~Levitt
mango's~mangue
yeomanry~ensemble des moyens
desalinisation~desalinisation
ravages's~ravages de
mischievousness~malice
secede~faire sécession
masturbation's~de la masturbation
Snell~Snell
blank's~ci est vide
unperceived~inaperçues
pileup~entasser
diddler~diddler
imbiber's~de imbiber
feeler's~feeler's
paeans~péans
Gomulka's~Gomulka de
straddler's~de straddler
Wilfred's~Wilfred
Nicklaus~Nicklaus
remortgaging~remortgaging
upwardly~vers le haut
critiquing~critiquing
conciliator's~conciliateurs de
application's~applications
modulation's~modulation de
uvulas~uvulas
dick~dick
Ted's~Ted
emetic~emetic
statics~statique
oriental's~orientales de
outgrowth~excroissance
creationism's~creationism's
spongecake's~spongecake de
pyx~ciboire
artilleryman~artilleur
mariners~marins
caddying~caddying
videos~vidéos
propensity's~la propension de
banged~cogné
intros~intros
unmerciful~impitoyable
bilabials~bilabiales
Geoffrey's~Geoffrey
oinking~oinking
Astor's~Astor de
expatriate~expatriate
rained~plu
theorem's~Le théorème de
Ferraro's~Ferraro de
Chisinau's~Chisinau de
huskily~d'une voix rauque
latitudinarians~Latitudinaires
naturalising~Naturalisation
multifarious~divers
Rutan~Rutan
delta's~delta's
reprieves~répits
Goldie's~Goldie
pentathlete's~pentathlète de
smirch's~smirch de
recruit~recruter
infiltrating~infiltrant
sheilas~Sheilas
whoop~cri
Chayefsky's~Chayefsky de
Conn~Connecticut
eyewitness's~eyewitness's
pugilistic~pugilistique
Hussite's~hussite de
wake's~son sillage
biff~coup de poing
Crabbe~Crabbe
nears~se rapproche
compactor~compacteur
persevered~persévéré
carbonate's~carbonate de
troughs~creux
systematically~systématiquement
trundle's~lit d'appoint de
mussels~moules
hyperlinking~hyperlinking
mildews~mildews
rhymesters~rimeurs
hounding~traques
inflow's~entrée de
threader~enfile
anaesthesiology~anesthésiologie
disuniting~disuniting
masterclasses~masterclasses
stateless~apatride
spaying~spaying
inoperative~inopérant
Malamud~Malamud
tabooed~tabooed
Parker's~Parker
garters~garters
sweeping~balayage
ester~ester
torts~la responsabilité délictuelle
porpoises~marsouins
steno~sténo
singleness's~de simplicité
perjurers~parjures
diameter's~diameter's
aptitude~aptitude
cyclometers~cyclometers
cypresses~cypresses
kayoing~kayoing
duffing~duffing
Agassiz~Agassiz
tempting~tentant
depressive's~depressive's
sprogs~sprogs
profusions~profusions
contentedly~contentedly
skivvied~skivvied
liberated~libéré
gratitude's~gratitude's
reconnoitre~faire une reconnaissance
exogenous~exogenous
bagpipe's~de cornemuse
endives~endives
blown~gonflé
mocked~raillé
Savage's~Savage de
auscultate~ausculter
coverlet~coverlet
underfoot~sous les pieds
radical's~radical de
glove~glove
featherbedding's~featherbedding's
veto~veto
bootblack~cireur
gars~gars
matron~matrone
followers~followers
trustiest~mamelles
lockstep's~même rythme de
inscriber's~Années Inscriber
paler~plus pâle
quizzers~quizzers
crisping~crisping
debouch~debouch
note's~Remarques
Muller~Muller
Texaco's~Texaco de
box~boîte
dept~dept
exalt~exalt
plural~pluriel
Devanagari's~dévanâgarî de
Johannesburg~Johannesburg
slues~Slues
sparkler~cierge magique
stropping~planage
demographic's~demographic's
baa~bêlement
fouled~fouled
telephoto's~téléobjectif de
huts~cabanes
Bujumbura~Bujumbura
reportedly~aurait
parlaying~parlaying
hairsplitters~hairsplitters
literal's~littéral du
refines~raffine
resignation~démission
handcuffed~handcuffed
theocratic~théocratique
decriminalising~decriminalising
Australasian~Australasian
purging~purgation
boroughs~arrondissements
orotundity~orotundity
acclaiming~acclamant
Maillol's~Maillol
distracted~distracted
videotapes~bandes vidéo
goddess's~goddess's
preseason~pré-saison
underwear~sous-vêtements
bearishness~bearishness
cordons~cordons
outpoints~Outpoints
rent's~de loyer
Maya's~Maya de
footfall~footfall
contractor~contractor
Attn~Attn
rediscovered~redécouvert
gravestone~gravestone
Sucre's~Sucre de
exegetical~exegetical
sow~truie
gerrymander~gerrymander
megaphoned~megaphoned
Reba's~Reba de
excruciating~excruciating
probationary~d'essai
Flo's~Flo
joylessness~joylessness
feebly~feebly
tubeless's~tubeless de
ministers~ministres
murdering~assassinant
pioneers~pionniers
torridness's~torridness de
Utrecht's~Utrecht de
constitutionality~constitutionnalité
diploids~diploids
keno's~keno de
bored~ennuyé
accordance~conformité
stateswomen~femmes d'État
histogram~histogramme
decontaminating~decontaminating
compeer~Compeer
carnivora~carnivores
choreographic~chorégraphie
comics~des bandes dessinées
Tertiary's~tertiaire de
redevelop~rénover
hinds~hinds
teak's~teck de
convinced~convinced
stencil~pochoir
fishbowls~fishbowls
flatterer~flatterer
mutinied~mutinés
folk~folk
deer~deer
pretesting~pré-test
why~Pourquoi
Monrovia's~Monrovia de
chophouse~chophouse
octet's~octet de
tragedies~tragédies
pole~pôle
Maddox~Maddox
economic~economic
proselytes~prosélytes
empathy's~empathy's
Benacerraf's~Benacerraf de
warmish~warmish
biannually~tous les deux ans
Fromm~Fromm
dawdlers~dawdlers
castration~castration
readout's~lecture de ce
kickier~kickier
prowled~rôdaient
acute's~aiguë de
Tunis's~Années Tunis
fetches~fetches
preservable~conservables
derivative's~derivative's
solicited~sollicité
spoiler~becquet
sage's~sage de
astir~agité
lambing~agnelage
Tameka's~Tameka de
mountaineer~alpiniste
Krista's~Krista de
Martian~Martien
interpose~interposer
blowjob~pipe
malfunctioned~mal fonctionné
oversensitive~trop sensible
unaccustomed~inhabituel
inquiry's~enquête de
gleaned~gleaned
Pompadour~Banane
Mercator's~Mercator
newscasts~bulletins de nouvelles
restrictively~restrictivement
dulcimers~dulcimers
poolroom~billard
genii~genii
toughest~le plus dur
Avicenna's~Avicenne
blemished~tachée
footling's~footling's
Bartok~Bartok
Suva~Suva
Kingston~Kingston
abridges~abrège
immoderate~immodéré
groundsmen~groundsmen
cybercafes~cybercafes
Sr's~Sr de
kowtow's~courbettes de
altercation~altercation
celeb~Celeb
faculty's~faculty's
concession's~concession de
turners~tourneurs
mucilaginous~mucilagineux
gets~gets
Malabo's~Malabo de
madhouses~asiles
smithies~Smithies
spigot's~robinet de
trammel's~entraves
prick's~piqûre de
shrives~Shrives
Brutus~Brutus
gawp~gawp
angular~angulaire
lightship's~de lège
alibi~alibi
bogus~faux
crumbliness's~crumbliness's
informality's~de l'informalité
wonders~merveilles
subversion's~subversion de
violoncellists~violoncellistes
oxyacetylene's~oxyacetylene de
Arab's~arabe de
citation~citation
compensation~compensation
resurgent~renaissant
visiting~visite
motlier~motlier
corporeally~corporeally
balkiest~balkiest
magnetically~magnétique
sagely~sagely
gloatingly~gloatingly
prophesies~prophétise
Mo's~Mo de
hales~hales
Proudhon's~Proudhon
packs~paquets
conceptualised~conceptualisé
conceivably~concevable
implode~imploser
sandwiches~sandwiches
locoweed~locoweed
ti~ti
congresspersons~membres du Congrès
chum~ami
Madden's~Madden
majorettes~majorettes
interceded~intercédé
brook~ruisseau
caboodle's~caboodle de
revetments~enrochements
honeylocust~Honeylocust
cryptography's~cryptography's
platefuls~assiettées
triviality's~de trivialité
chairman's~président de
regret~le regret
bucksaw~bucksaw
llama's~de llama
perceptually~perceptuel
annelid's~Années annélides
slam~claquer
harrumphs~harrumphs
supernaturally~surnaturellement
slicing~tranchage
attracting~attirer
choreography~chorégraphie
bywords~bywords
dislike's~dislike's
regards's~ce qui concerne ce
virtuosity's~virtuosité de
horns~cornes
staging's~mise en scène de
depersonalising~depersonalising
fizzles~fizzles
pelvises~pelvis
Acrux's~Acrux de
busily~activement
toxicologists~toxicologues
sporrans~sporrans
incarceration~incarcération
taxon~taxon
byway's~de byway
forfeited~forfeited
conscientiously~consciencieusement
photostat~photostat
accusers~accusateurs
rumour~rumeur
doxology~doxology
dinghy~dinghy
succulence~succulence
drab's~drab's
packsaddle~packsaddle
slalom~slalom
Juanita~Juanita
Marquis~Marquis
Pinter~Pinter
polystyrene's~polystyrène de
Tess~Tess
elects~elects
rottweilers~rottweilers
news's~nouvelles de
surfaces~surfaces
panhandler~mendiant
shackle's~chaînes
cronyism's~cronyism's
footplates~footplates
pelican's~pélican de
Beulah~Beulah
Bell's~Cloches
ravage's~ravages
Herbert's~Herbert
pertinacity's~de pertinacité
barracked~caserné
pleadings~actes de procédure
steadiness's~de fixité
Dostoevsky~dostoevsky
Centaurus~Centaure
buffered~tamponnée
undiminished~non diminuée
intentionally~intentionnellement
tableware's~arts de la table de
filtration~filtration
wintriest~wintriest
potholing~spéléologie
fixable~fixable
headlock~prise de tête
con's~les inconvénients
anarchic~anarchique
quadrenniums~quadrenniums
duet's~duet's
White's~Blancs
morpheme's~morphème de
cowpoke's~cowpoke's
Emilio~Emilio
shirtwaist's~de Shirtwaist
trunking~trunking
ponderousness~lourdeurs
penultimates~penultimates
Merritt~Merritt
wire's~fils
jinx's~Jinx de
backrest~dossier
Bosnia~Bosnie
Heshvan's~Hechvan de
devilment~devilment
windswept~venteux
unexceptionally~unexceptionally
mastery~la maîtrise
Ernie's~Ernie
swabs~tampons
milkiness's~laiteuse de
retakes~retakes
Meany's~Meany de
awakened~éveillé
Duane's~Duane de
stirring~sous agitation
Slovakia~Slovaquie
meld~fusionner
rumpus~chahut
downstream~downstream
tabletops~set de table
tweak's~tweak de
Rivera~Rivera
annexed~annexé
windpipe's~de gosier
shortages~la pénurie
sanctity's~la sainteté de
care~se soucier
imaged~imagée
passkey~passe-partout
Beaujolais's~Années Beaujolais
Acevedo's~Acevedo de
accessible~accessible
premierships~premierships
clause~clause
cropland~cropland
masterpieces~chefs-d'œuvre
Orient's~Orient de
Pei's~Pei
CAM~CAME
alphabets~alphabets
milky~laiteux
Folgers's~Années Folgers
quantitative~quantitatif
predominate~prédominer
basal~basal
husband's~mari
adaptors~adaptateurs
paralysingly~paralysingly
poulterers~volaillers
theism's~de théisme
pail's~seau de
hampered~hampered
ohmmeter~ohmmètre
reuniting~regroupement
Cayuse~cayuse
kiddo's~kiddo de
omitted~omis
brigs~bricks
redevelops~réaménage
ascot~lavallière
onlooking~onlooking
victimisation~représailles
Townes~Townes
midair~en plein ciel
homogenisation's~de l'homogénéisation
salivates~bave
muttonchops~côtelettes de mouton
vastness's~immensité de
fastens~fastens
ghettoising~ghettoising
dehydrating~dehydrating
Vanzetti~Vanzetti
trading's~de commerce
yobbo~yobbo
bevel~biseau
thistledown~Thistledown
vegeburger~vegeburger
erythrocyte's~erythrocyte's
Indianian~Indianian
rested~reposés
redheads~les Rousses
syllabub~syllabub
savage~sauvage
puffier~puffier
shew~elle W
filthiness's~filthiness's
nieces~nièces
sphinxes~sphynx
garrulously~garrulously
Eve's~Eve
beetle~scarabée
camper~campeur
presumptuousness~presumptuousness
comptroller~contrôleur
croaking~croaking
filberts~filberts
indie~indie
bookmark~signet
ballads~ballades
Iraqi's~irakiens de
vibrator~vibreur
thralls~thralls
Canberra~Canberra
sabbaticals~sabbatiques
unpredictably~imprévisiblement
astrologist~astrologist
helicoptering~helicoptering
conman~escroc
silos~silos
depository~depository
hallucinogenic~hallucinogenic
idiopathic~idiopathique
conspirator~conspirateur
peregrinating~pérégrin
verge~bord
flaking~flaking
billionth's~milliardième années
predecessor~prédécesseur
birches~birches
mare's~mare de
harbinger's~harbinger's
cameo~camée
admittance~admission
workout's~séance d'entraînement de
breath's~souffle
sentenced~condamné
causticity~causticité
divisional~divisional
conspectus~vue générale
Vegas's~Vegas de
Euripides~Euripide
fourteenth's~fourteenth's
deceiver~deceiver
freeloaded~freeloaded
Chalmers~Chalmers
institutional~institutionnel
implausibility~invraisemblance
flared~flared
consummated~consummated
damsels~damsels
blues~Blues
bouncer~videur
extrinsically~extrinsically
architect's~aRCHITECTE
Facebook's~de Facebook
expands~expands
monologist's~de monologuiste
jockstraps~jockstraps
mesmerisers~mesmerisers
falsifier~falsifier
ripples~ondulations
adobe's~d'Adobe
acquiescing~acquiescer
Maui~Maui
episcopacy's~episcopacy's
Brillo~Brillo
wearable~portable
Condillac~Condillac
Finnish~finlandais
radiate~rayonner
caucused~caucused
amortisation~amortissement
unfavourable~défavorable
sisterly~fraternel
camelhair~poils de chameau
seafarer's~de gens de mer
jived~jived
Machiavelli's~Machiavel
prepackages~préemballages
Sandy's~Sandy de
resurfaced~refait surface
pissing~pisser
pacers~Pacers
Robson's~Robson de
Emacs~Emacs
egoism~egoism
tsar~tsar
wasters~gaspilleurs
gesture's~gesture's
unclaimed~non réclamés
miscued~miscued
thoughtlessly~étourdiment
porthole~hublot
Watteau's~Watteau
gamest~gamest
coloniser~colonisateur
Costco's~Costco
techno~techno
neighbour~voisin
Alnitak~Alnitak
Jaycees~Jaycees
approbation's~approbation de
Leonidas~Leonidas
fruitlessly~fruitlessly
Jock~Jock
bane~fléau
turnarounds~retournements
prang~pilonner
promoting~la promotion
fatheads~fatheads
regulation's~règlements
citronella's~Années citronelle
duopolies~duopolies
Southampton~Southampton
backfire~pétarader
petcock's~petcock de
citronella~Citronelle
launderette's~laverie automatique de
four~four
reefs~récifs
vocabulary~vocabulaire
longbow~arc
nationalist's~nationaliste de
seeps~suintements
cosmologist's~cosmologist's
slue's~slue de
sower's~semeur de
transcendentalism~transcendantalisme
basque~basque
chitchatting~bavarder
silkscreens~sérigraphies
Moldavia's~moldavia de
establishments~establishments
granary~granary
laugh~rire
Liege's~Liège de
bios~bios
prayers~prières
foredooms~foredooms
sleuth~détective
disappointingly~disappointingly
snicker~petit hennissement
rucks~rucks
sombrely~sombrement
accuse~accuser
Bede's~Bede de
commode's~de chaise percée
huckleberry's~Huckleberry de
weedkillers~désherbants
roubles~roubles
creationism~creationism
suaver~plus suave
Roosevelt~Roosevelt
verb~verbe
Louis~Louis
earlobes~earlobes
declaimed~declaimed
incorrigibility~incorrigibilité
align~aligner
disgruntled~disgruntled
Goya~Goya
reconditioned~remis en état
auditory~auditif
misbehave~se conduire mal
peaceful~paisible
commonness~banalité
currycombing~currycombing
huckleberry~airelle
cycling~cycling
vents~évents
cl~cl
loss's~la perte de
declawed~declawed
buster~buster
requite~récompenser
puberty's~la puberté de
reforges~reforges
shandy~panaché
tales~contes
waled~Waled
autopsies~autopsies
sixpences~sixpences
Mondrian~Mondrian
incandescence~incandescence
Challenger~provocateur
chides~gronde
monocotyledons~monocotylédones
Maud's~Maud
respiratory~respiratoire
corpus's~corpus's
varsities~varsities
portions~portions
Llewellyn~Llewellyn
burst's~de l'éclatement
simplicity~simplicité
dares~dares
smartening~smartening
alley's~allée de
aphasia's~de l'aphasie
interference's~ingérence de
hatemonger's~hatemonger de
Ira~Ira
holed~terrer
enquiringly~enquiringly
unbreakable~incassable
globalism's~globalism's
diseases~diseases
constructionists~constructionists
pew~banc
privatises~privatise
starboard's~tribord de
archenemies~ennemis jurés
vexed~fâché
scutcheons~écussons
bonding's~de liaison
tuck~rempli
acoustics's~acoustique de
Mali's~Mali de
archival~archival
Calvinistic~Calviniste
oenology's~œnologie de
wheelie~wheelie
amanuensis~secrétaire
skunked~skunked
professionalisation~professionnaliser
upbeat's~optimiste de
notary~notaire
Lodge~Loge
goutiest~goutiest
Voyager~Voyageur
penalise~pénaliser
intertwining~entrelaçant
noteworthy~remarquable
jerkiness~saccades
trellises~treillages
booth's~stand de
railwayman~cheminot
visaed~visaed
Nepalis~Népalais
deanery~deanery
sweetens~adoucissent
Skopje~Skopje
judiciously~judicieusement
doddered~doddered
carvers~sculpteurs
cheviot's~Cheviot de
groundsman~groundsman
ticklishly~ticklishly
hyphenation's~césures de
mastodon's~mastodonte de
hysteria~hystérie
lea~Ica
bragged~se vantait
sunlamps~lampes solaires
triptych~triptyque
fraudulent~fraudulent
friendly's~friendly's
theremin's~theremin de
blathers~Blathers
loony~cinglé
kingship~royauté
Patagonian's~patagonien de
Henley's~Henley
lustiness's~lustiness de
busked~préparèrent
ethic~ethic
vivisected~vivisection
Mickey~Mickey
nonvoter's~de nonvoter
bottles~bouteilles
fading~fading
ballpark's~de stade de baseball
Marjorie~Marjorie
disk~disk
severance~rupture
underdog~opprimé
playoff~éliminatoires
cottars~cottars
bicarbonate's~bicarbonate de
surface~surface
tampon~tampon
century's~sIÈCLE
quipping~quipping
endangering~endangering
rapports~Rapports
interlining's~entoilage de
dismembering~dismembering
caiman's~caïman de
sprint~sprint
Mitterrand~Mitterrand
spadefuls~pelletées
pelts~pelleteries
pipeline's~de pipeline
unleashes~déchaîne
knuckleheads~knuckleheads
calamitously~calamitously
acceptableness~acceptableness
steamroller~rouleau compresseur
derive~derive
mastication's~de masticateurs
plentiful~copieux
hometown's~ville natale
losses~pertes
gonorrhoeal~gonorrhoeal
blighted~gâchée
Godspeeds~Godspeeds
remakes~remakes
pedestrianising~rendre piétonne
Mass's~masse de
bethinking~ravisant
dehydrated~dehydrated
between~entre
capitalisation~capitalisation
irregular's~irréguliers de
aphid~puceron
bayberry's~bayberry de
miserliness's~de pingrerie
approach's~L'approche de
quadrangle's~de quadrangulaire
roughing~dégrossissage
Wikipedia's~de Wikipedia
numerical~numérique
muggle~moldu
pommy~pommy
separateness's~separateness de
pennant's~pennant de
roundelay's~rondeau de
Lithuanian's~lituanien de
bridge's~des ponts
seconder~comotionnaire
haste~hâte
jaybirds~Jaybirds
imperfect's~imparfait du
Sigmund~Sigmund
splits~scissions
Lincolns~Lincolns
Wilmington~Wilmington
commoner's~de roturier
mileage~kilométrage
ailed~ailed
consent's~le consentement de
Valencias~valencias
gingivitis~gingivitis
angle~angle
supervisory~surveillance
senescence's~de sénescence
cardsharp~tricheur
acrid~âcre
she'll~coquille
endlessly~endlessly
Britannic's~Britannic de
Lauder's~Lauder
wouldst~Voudrais
escorts~escorts
Livy~Tite-Live
stalagmites~stalagmites
cigarettes~cigarettes
Julia's~Julia
Dunlap~Dunlap
dive~dive
Eucharistic~eucharistique
dustman~dustman
marmoset~ouistiti
essay's~essay's
Adolfo's~Adolfo de
cored~cored
fabrics~fabrics
possum's~opossum de
indenturing~indenturing
dribbled~dribbled
Havanas~havanes
Bulgari~Bulgari
substations~sous-stations
shirtfronts~plastrons
scrimped~lésiné
lain~Lain
gantry's~gantry's
promptly~rapidement
inanities~niaiseries
Budapest's~Budapest de
riflers~riflers
pleasantry's~de plaisanterie
unenlightened~ignorant
Larsen~Larsen
jiggled~jiggled
skiing's~de ski
girdling~girdling
Goliath~Goliath
usurp~usurper
crystalline~crystalline
viscountess~vicomtesse
equinox's~equinox's
Giles~Giles
bushiness~bushiness
deniers~deniers
eyedropper~eyedropper
philatelist's~philatéliste de
clerking~cléricature
birdseed's~Années graines pour oiseaux
retarding~retardatrice
Rilke's~Rilke
captives~prisonniers
singer's~chanteurs
pic's~photos
provocativeness's~de provocation
Permalloy~permalloy
accurateness's~de exactitude
moralising~moralisante
tarantella~tarentelle
wrangle~dispute
clove's~clous de girofle
bleeder~hémophile
makeweight~makeweight
lineaments~traits
bisector's~bissectrice de
lettings~location
reefer~caban
jodhpurs's~Années jodhpurs
reprices~le taux sera redressé
laxest~laxiste
enema's~enema's
wallet's~portefeuille
farmhouse's~farmhouse's
swaddling~emmailloter
sou~sou
burdock~bardane
hotness's~de hotness
origination~création
nipper~pince
booming~en plein essor
angulation~angulation
redeployment~redéploiement
fillips~fillips
goldmines~goldmines
heightening~surélévation
likeableness~likeableness
rattle's~hochet de
Hindemith~Hindemith
immaculate~immaculé
banns~bans de mariage
coleus~coleus
Eratosthenes's~Années Eratosthène
HST~TVH
credited~credited
previsions~prévisions
cay's~cay de
holders~supports
wristband~bracelet
treasurer~trésorier
tobogganing~tobogganing
inoculates~inoculats
pupils~élèves
addressees~destinataires
NIMBY~NIMBY
mechanistically~mécaniste
omit~omettre
transcontinental~transcontinental
intensely~intensément
Clair's~Clair de
skips~skips
clarioned~clarioned
daub~daub
possess~posséder
unpreventable~unpreventable
logicality's~de logicité
sweeties~sweeties
hairbrush~hairbrush
programs~programmes
barter's~le troc de
stag~cerf
articulations~articulations
jewellery's~de bijoux
downgrade's~downgrade's
milk~Lait
Wodehouse~Wodehouse
avocado~Avocat
nationwide~dans tout le pays
ctn~ctn
thunderbolt's~coup de foudre de
flan's~flan's
minds~esprit
standstill's~arrêt de
marina's~port de plaisance de
creepiness~creepiness
ablatives~ablatif
lucks~lucks
Belshazzar~Belshazzar
deterring~deterring
implausibilities~invraisemblances
decimate~decimate
fin's~fin's
idolatry's~de l'idolâtrie
divvy's~divvy's
tom's~tom de
impugner's~impugner de
slattern's~de souillon
crayoning~crayoning
sally's~sally de
endorsing~endorsing
deodorises~deodorises
gestapo's~gestapo's
dirndls~dirndls
heralds~hérauts
deliminator~deliminator
plainclothesman's~de homme en civil
Rutledge's~Rutledge
nicked~entaillé
thru~à travers
relevancy's~la pertinence de
indiscreetly~indiscrètement
Mach's~Mach
milkier~laiteuse
Roach's~Roach
telegrapher~télégraphiste
Thant~Thant
rabbited~rabbited
anion~anion
brackishness's~saumâtre de
caramelises~caramélise
characterless~characterless
peddling~colportage
contrast's~contrast's
napkin's~serviettes
uncorks~débouche
hawkers~colporteurs
chatroom's~salles de discussions
heath~bruyère
fetishists~fetishists
murderer's~meurtrier de
butterfingered~butterfingered
Caleb's~Caleb
webs~toiles
meant~signifiait
boustrophedon~boustrophedon
studiedly~studiedly
pensioning~pensionner
admiral's~amiral
bumptiousness's~outrecuidance de
manic's~de maniaques
redial's~recomposition de
educationally~educationally
milligrams~milligrammes
scrap's~restes
Moho's~Moho de
juices~jus
bespattering~éclaboussant
Biden~Biden
abortionist's~de avorteur
empress~empress
grunt~grunt
guise's~guise's
coo~coo
excommunications~excommunications
escort's~escort's
disentangle~disentangle
undisputed~incontesté
Quaalude~quaalude
turbocharged~suralimenté
nightie~chemise de nuit
Czechoslovak~tchécoslovaque
tragedienne~tragédienne
arability's~de arabilité
snookered~Snookée
tryst's~rendez-vous galant de
rebuttal's~à titre de réfutation
orations~oraisons
palaver~palabre
epidemiology's~epidemiology's
Leningrad~Leningrad
juicer~presse-agrumes
buffers~tampons
unswerving~inébranlable
nary~nary
exerciser~exerciser
rectifications~rectifications
maids~servantes
Andre's~Andre de
determiner's~determiner's
maturely~mûrement
pounds~livres sterling
mixer's~mélangeur de
reduplicate~redoubler
Cb~cb
meandering~sinueux
spumy~spumy
invertebrate~invertébré
Alpo's~ALPO
firming~firming
Milagros's~Années Milagros
archetypal~archétypale
banging~claquement
paddled~pagayé
iambi~Iambi
forgetfulness's~forgetfulness's
missionaries~missionnaires
cartilages~cartilages
smith's~forgeron
garrisoned~garrisoned
flamencos~flamencos
maturities~échéances
bunts~bunts
Maude~Maude
rared~rared
shallows~bas-fond
swans~cygnes
disenchantment's~disenchantment's
haberdasher's~haberdasher's
cola~Cola
not~ne pas
sepulchres~sépulcres
superstate~super
Windex's~Windex de
cleric's~dignitaire religieux de
Lambrusco~Lambrusco
nickles~nickles
Tuscany~Toscane
thankfulness's~de reconnaissance
striation's~de strie
insurgency's~insurrection de
airwoman~aviatrice
fulling~fulling
waist's~taille de
shrewder~rusés
remixes~remixes
Hormuz's~Ormuz de
Merovingian~mérovingienne
Arjuna's~Années Arjuna
livings~livings
ophthalmologist's~ophtalmologiste de
recruitment~recrutement
questioned~interrogé
portends~laisse présager
plums~prunes
angina~angine
hemisphere's~hémisphère de
confound~confondre
signori~signori
saccharine~saccharine
diversions~diversions
phalanges~phalanges
functionally~functionally
effused~effused
debuggers~debuggers
flashier~flashier
hydroponic~hydroponique
malnutrition's~la malnutrition de
fascination's~fascination's
fustier~fustier
Metallica~Metallica
blacktop~blacktop
covert's~covert's
scrapyard~scrapyard
shading's~ombrage de
pawned~gagé
obviousness's~de l'évidence
weaken~affaiblir
Sundas~Sundas
juster~juster
boldface~caractères gras
Dave~Dave
shrubbery's~arbustes de
terrorists~les terroristes
magnitude~ordre de grandeur
fajita~fajita
treasured~précieusement
noise~bruit
stooping~penché
smokescreens~paravents
Hebrides~Hébrides
stander's~Stander de
brinkmanship's~de la corde raide
prefigure~préfiguration
shorthorn~Shorthorn
indistinguishably~indiscernable
spleens~rates
Cairo's~CAIRE
sacristies~sacristies
bettor's~de miseur
defecated~defecated
Alton~Alton
gimcrackery's~gimcrackery's
institution's~institution de
grandeur's~grandeur's
disprove~disprove
fettuccine~fettuccine
denture~denture
pabulum's~de pabulum
WWW~WWW
bolivar's~bolivar de
turnip's~navet de
osteopaths~ostéopathes
bandeau's~de bandeau
neutron's~aux neutrons
donating~donating
jitterier~jitterier
gizmos~gizmos
kelvin~kelvin
valuating~valorisant
Vindemiatrix's~Vindemiatrix de
techniques~techniques
windowed~fenêtré
gawps~gawps
deadline's~deadline's
sideboard's~buffet de
rank~rang
duodena~duodena
fire~fire
segregationist's~ségrégationniste de
voltmeter's~voltmètre
abetting~complicité
ulcerous~ulcéreux
reassures~rassure
crayoned~crayoned
sportswear's~vêtements de sport de
striation~striation
causative~causal
diverges~diverges
quenchable~extinguible
Bhutan~Bhoutan
faro's~faro's
manufacture's~fabrication de
developmental~developmental
Sudanese~soudanais
economists~economists
tugboats~remorqueurs
plashed~plashed
indefeasibly~indéfectiblement
Hymen~Hymen
talk's~pourparlers
NyQuil~NyQuil
bowled~joué aux boules
certificate's~certificat de
hairspring~hairspring
capillary~capillaire
cote's~cote's
stockpiled~stocké
forbiddings~forbiddings
tetrahedron's~Années tétraèdre
hallucination's~hallucination's
catchall~fourre-tout
Cuvier~Cuvier
snookering~snookering
gymslip~gymslip
Mongolia's~Mongolie
Pryor~Pryor
overtakes~rattrape
homogenised~homogénéisés
inversion's~inversion de
pluralisation's~pluralisation de
NCO~NCO
infinitives~infinitifs
chairpersons~présidents
latch's~verrou de
overweeningly~overweeningly
luxuriance~luxuriance
Cruikshank~Cruikshank
fetcher~fetcher
Aglaia~Aglaia
gravedigger~gravedigger
Shawnee's~Shawnee de
virtuoso's~virtuose de
merrymaker's~de merrymaker
drowsily~drowsily
transgressions~transgressions
necromancy~nécromancie
winching~treuillage
strontium~strontium
knights~chevaliers
strangely~étrangement
riboflavin's~riboflavine de
shimmy~shimmy
bayou~bayou
Angela's~Angela
nubbiest~nubbiest
parsing~analyse syntaxique
clinch's~clinch de
Wilburn~Wilburn
Gorey's~Gorey de
all~tout
lore's~lore de
tapir's~de tapir
complacent~satisfait
toothpaste~dentifrice
singletrees~singletrees
heat~chaleur
conquers~conquiert
diaeresis's~diaeresis's
clubhouse's~club-house de
snowboarding's~de la planche à neige
wright's~wright de
warblers~fauvettes
atavist~atavique
unessential~non essentiel
anodyne~calmant
fun~fun
singles~simple
oversimplifying~simplification excessive
Hickman~Hickman
egalitarianism's~egalitarianism's
Horthy's~Horthy de
Crecy's~Crecy de
Algerians~Algériens
outguessed~outguessed
cosigner's~cosigner's
tonsorial~tonsorial
negotiator~négociateur
dysentery's~dysentery's
credentialing~credentialing
nationhood~nation
muzzle~museau
fastened~fastened
misconceive~mal comprendre
snifters~snifters
antisocially~antisociale
repudiator~repudiator
trooped~attroupés
Astoria's~Astoria de
fecundation~fecundation
watch~regarder
baronage's~baronnage de
Serbians~Serbes
affidavit~déclaration écrite sous serment
Emilio's~Emilio de
megalopolis~mégalopole
Benita's~Benita de
surer~plus sûrement
Bayonne's~Bayonne de
tortoiseshell's~écaille de tortue de
danker~danker
slenderness's~élancement de
Dena~Dena
Bruce's~de Bruce
life~la vie
Erewhon's~Erewhon de
telephoto~téléobjectif
pillager's~pillard de
masterminding~fomenté
industries~les industries
pattering~crépitement
affiliates~affiliés
Bastille~Bastille
submariner's~de Submariner
squirt's~gicler de
Diana~Diane
cocooned~cocooned
genies~genies
dinguses~dinguses
novelist~romancier
counterclaimed~counterclaimed
copperplate's~copperplate's
modernisers~modernisateurs
encomiums~encomiums
prancing~sautillement
dolt's~dolt's
Jerold's~Jerold de
scorbutic~scorbutique
vicegerent's~de vicegerent
botany~botanique
Acuff's~Acuff de
dread~dread
bustling~animé
physiotherapist's~kinésithérapeute
surgery's~de la chirurgie
Bayesian's~bayésienne de
offender~délinquant
pimpernels~pimprenelles
scuttled~sabordé
mustier~Mustier
destructible~destructible
Montessori's~Montessori
transfusion~transfusion
complying~respect
detention~detention
catamaran's~catamaran de
incompatibles~substances incompatibles
arthritis's~de l'arthrite
balancing~équilibrage
Asians~Asiatiques
lumpier~grumeleux
harped~rabâché
fragrantly~fragrantly
Clements's~Clements de
Yaobang's~Yaobang de
locavore's~locavore de
overbought~suracheté
underpin~étayer
RIF~RIF
cesareans~césarienne
druggist's~druggist's
playschool~prématernelle
electrotypes~electrotypes
Wabash's~Wabash de
tinsel's~Années Tinsel
tendentious~tendancieux
Sancho's~Sancho
Grafton~Grafton
speech~discours
Fri's~ven de
lethal~mortel
horseman~cavalier
lactic~lactique
landholdings~la propriété foncière
whirr's~bruissement de
Neogene's~Néogène de
seminaries~séminaires
Stockton's~Stockton de
moper's~Années Moper
dampening~dampening
depersonalises~depersonalises
suburban~de banlieue
anchorite~anachorète
perniciousness's~Années perniciosité
Teutons~teutons
heterosexual~hétérosexuel
snicker's~ricanement de
supplicate~supplier
chocolate's~des chocolats
enunciation~enunciation
vibrant~vibrant
dictionary's~dictionary's
drawstring~drawstring
heftiness's~de heftiness
chasuble~chasuble
serviette's~de serviette
bathyscaphes~bathyscaphes
Haw~Aubépine
style's~modes
renal~rénal
prioress's~prieure de
reincorporation~réincorporation
monarchism's~de monarchisme
contender~contender
displacing~displacing
bobtail's~bobtail de
sneer~ricanement
Remarque~Remarque
pardoning~pardonnant
nymphets~nymphettes
Bunker~Bunker
bobbles~bobbles
sugarcane~canne à sucre
shivered~frissonné
baron's~baron de
Americanism's~américanisme de
snack's~casse-croûte de
inference's~inférence de
berets~bérets
graveyards~graveyards
Trappist~Trappiste
skippering~skippé
doused~doused
psychotherapy's~de la psychothérapie
unwise~imprudent
Adana's~Adana de
Dubrovnik's~Dubrovnik de
tests~essais
randomise~randomiser
rivet~rivet
Knapp's~knapp de
contingent~contingent
Stevens's~Stevens de
sued~poursuivi en justice
relief~le soulagement
flossed~flossed
exalted~exalted
Nicosia~Nicosie
upholders~souteneurs
biz's~biz de
wifeless~sans femme
leisure~loisir
Brianna~Brianna
GMT's~GMT de
chosen~choisi
bollockings~bollockings
tote's~fourre-tout de
bicentennial~bicentenaire
naivete~naïveté
Oklahoman~Oklahoman
topographer~topographe
recontacting~recontacter
cheeps~cheeps
gallery's~gallery's
Marcus~Marcus
flags~flags
dramatist's~dramatist's
legendary~légendaire
trusting~confiant
bulldozed~rasé au bulldozer
amateur~amateur
chancre's~chancre de
pillowslip's~pillowslip de
geraniums~geraniums
flying~flying
redounded~redounded
netbook~netbook
expropriator~expropriator
astrophysicist~astrophysicienne
scrubbier~scrubbier
czarism~czarism
Dumpster~Poubelle
ripcord's~Ripcord de
windlass~treuil
octogenarian's~années octogénaire
separateness~separateness
bowler's~chapeau melon de
Pickett's~Pickett de
mickeys~Mickeys
authoritarian's~de autoritaires
venerating~vénérant
broadcloth~drap fin
undercoated~sous-couche
handiwork~handiwork
titillating~titillant
orchestral~orchestral
inundation's~inondation de
blobs~blobs
Stowe's~Stowe de
highlights~points forts
beneficiaries~les bénéficiaires
Av~Un V
Heisenberg's~Heisenberg
inexact~inexact
lop~élaguer
gimp's~gimp's
inapproachable~inabordable
magnetometers~magnétomètres
stodgier~stodgier
adventurists~aventuristes
baddies~méchants
accessioned~versé aux archives
homilies~homélies
Jesuit's~jésuite de
arrowroot~marante
meal~repas
congratulate~féliciter
shutterbug~shutterbug
Ba's~Années Ba
screwed~vissé
adulterated~frelaté
cloister's~cloître de
zeros~zéros
Arkansan's~arkansan de
balletic~balletic
ophthalmology's~de l'ophtalmologie
differentiate~differentiate
serape~serape
miscellaneously~miscellaneously
Alisa's~Alisa de
ensurer's~ensurer's
profanation's~de profanation
refocused~recentré
Xenia~Xenia
proportionally~proportionnellement
vicinity's~près de
indictment~accusation
atrociousness's~atrocité de
Beninese~béninoise
cryonics~cryonics
saddens~attriste
colones~colones
Tahitian's~Tahiti de
Adolf~Adolf
bones~des os
species's~espèces de
Caribbean's~Caraïbes de
brushwood's~broussaille de
lousily~lousily
autopsied~autopsié
furore's~furore's
digestion's~digestion's
networking~la mise en réseau
injured~blessé
doyenne's~doyenne's
impacts~impacts
comedic~comique
passiveness~passivité
scram~filer
mossback's~de conservateur à tout crin
nearing~presque
Laocoon's~Laocoon
reverentially~révérencielle
Kepler~Kepler
Tokyo~Tokyo
mesmerising~envoûtante
owning~posséder
APB~APB
directions~directions
quarterlies~trimestriels
pup's~chiot de
breviary~bréviaire
confederacies~confédérations
unpredictability~imprévisibilité
nightshades~solanacées
broadsheets~broadsheets
crumpet~crumpet
aberrational~aberrants
vacationers~les vacanciers
notably~particulièrement
martin's~Martin
Hegira~Hégire
rationalism's~du rationalisme
fluffed~fluffed
Aral~Aral
boosted~stimulé
triumphal~triomphal
chinos~chinos
legginess~sur pattes
traduces~traduces
hospitalises~hospitalises
green~green
octave's~octave
pliability's~de malléabilité
selectivity~sélectivité
pseudonyms~pseudonymes
gleam~gleam
misled~induits en erreur
Blanche~Blanche
pachysandra's~Années Pachysandra
Hill~Colline
roguishness's~de espièglerie
Hezekiah~Ezéchias
Edward's~Edward
headiness's~de griserie
apostatise~apostasier
sidereal~sidéral
Prussian's~de Prusse
October~octobre
lithely~lithely
cockatoo~cacatoès
Nubian~nubien
blared~retentissait
Shiite~chi'ite
synchronise~synchroniser
justifiable~justifiable
irregular~irrégulier
Novokuznetsk~Novokuznetsk
gather's~gather's
annuals~annuelles
compeers~compeers
pongs~pongs
tn~tn
disorganise~disorganise
groggiest~groggiest
hardtack's~hardtack's
delimiting~delimiting
pointers~pointeurs
cosines~cosines
overoptimism~surestimation
omicrons~omicrons
impenitence's~endurcissement de
vicunas~vigognes
gauze's~gauze's
indignation's~l'indignation de
expounder~expounder
uninhibitedly~sans complexe
Disney's~Disney
Suwanee's~suwanee de
foulmouthed~foulmouthed
alderwoman's~Années Echevin
Romans~Romains
salivated~salivé
Elva's~Elva de
profit's~bénéfices
lily~lis
extended~extended
celery~céleri
secularising~sécularisation
atlas~atlas
suitcase~valise
antiphons~antiennes
champ's~champion de
lineament's~traits
braising~braiser
ciabatta's~Années ciabatta
rids~RIDs
dogfishes~dogfishes
sphagnums~sphaignes
Dooley~Dooley
nabobs~nababs
chateaus~chateaus
ivied~couvert de lierre
Bonnie~Bonnie
Arnulfo~Arnulfo
flans~flans
Garcia's~Garcia
Honda's~de Honda
hijackings~détournements d'avions
colonially~colonialement
eagles~eagles
zigzagging~zigzaguant
lid's~couvercle de
Ursa's~Ursa de
Karenina's~Karénine de
scrooge~Scrooge
spelt~orthographié
inequity's~les inégalités de
consisting~qui consiste
cricking~cricking
Delaney~Delaney
disinterest~disinterest
grunts~grunts
messiness~messiness
Booker's~Booker
deserts~deserts
stickler's~Stickler de
theatrics~théâtralité
Kirghistan's~Kirghistan de
uprisings~soulèvements
crenellate~crenellate
chapati~chapati
man~homme
wick~mèche
hutches~clapiers
yachted~yachted
Parsifal's~Parsifal de
Cunningham's~Cunningham
nob~aristo
phosphorylation~phosphorylation
oldster's~Années oldster
mademoiselles~mesdemoiselles
Chelyabinsk~Chelyabinsk
minored~minored
Mann~Mann
rectos~rectos
slackness~négligence
quilts~couettes
nonsexist~non sexiste
refute~réfuter
vivifying~vivifiantes
identification~identification
denigration~denigration
protactinium~protactinium
sectary's~sectateur de
reasserts~réitère avec insistance
cumbered~cumbered
rental~de location
retirements~départs à la retraite
tires~pneus
trollop's~catin de
niggle's~niggle de
oestruses~oestrus
vitrification~vitrification
portfolio's~Le portefeuille de
upperclassman's~de upperclassman
meddling~immixtion
auspiciousness's~auspiciousness de
choreographing~chorégraphier
Alvarez's~Alvarez de
phoneme~phonème
climaxing~culminant
defoliator's~defoliator's
Cummings's~Cummings de
veggie's~veggie de
frequency~frequency
assemblywoman~Assemblywoman
Timon's~Timon de
illumining~éclairant
winsomer~winsomer
emf~emf
skinned~peau
trifectas~Trifectas
schlemiel~schlemiel
C's~C de
lament's~lament
exacts~exacts
gleaning~gleaning
workfare's~workfare de
brightener's~de azurant
offices~des bureaux
hypochondria~hypocondrie
contentedness~contentedness
launch's~lancement de
master's~maîtrise
queen~reine
amateurish~d'amateur
Kristina's~Kristina de
probed~sondé
HUD's~HUD
stringer~raidisseur
comeuppance's~de comeuppance
motivation~motivation
Battle's~bataille de
waders~échassiers
Daisy's~Daisy
buffoons~baladins
Helvetius's~Helvétius de
talon~talon
runic~runique
spectacularly~spectaculairement
Munro~Munro
khakis~kakis
Proserpine's~Proserpine de
hajji~hajji
cellmates~codétenues
Thomson's~Thomson
traveller~voyageur
total~total
wherever~partout où
resolute~résolu
swimmingly~à merveille
Fates's~Années Fates
apparelled~habillées
rake~râteau
victimisation's~victimisation de
herringbone~arête de hareng
homeopathy~homéopathie
uptake's~l'absorption de
Kornberg's~Kornberg de
liftoffs~liftoffs
Mylar~Mylar
tampering~falsification
fixity~fixity
Mikoyan's~Mikoyan de
offload~décharger
biologist's~biologiste de
Pierre~Pierre
decorousness~decorousness
ripply~ripply
offensiveness~offensiveness
Vaduz's~Vaduz de
guise~guise
ricks~ricks
submitter~Déposant
kingship's~de la royauté
Dortmund~Dortmund
chorally~en chœur
quark's~quark de
mislay~égarer
Coloradan~coloradan
duplicitous~duplicitous
unwatchable~unwatchable
Nola~Nola
marabou~marabout
Son's~Fils de
lunging~longe
nonabsorbent's~de non absorbantes
Birdseye's~moucheté de
inadvertent~involontaire
apples~pommes
sailboat~bateau à voile
Onondaga~Onondaga
Kinshasa~Kinshasa
Roderick's~Roderick
Avila's~Avila de
starers~starers
huckstering~marchandage
incontrovertible~irréfutable
outsiders~étrangers
rentals~Location
travesty~travestir
sousing~sousing
yuppifies~yuppifies
inventorying~inventoriage
wieners~wieners
stranglehold~carcan
initiators~initiateurs
vane~girouette
pf~PF
Apennines~Apennins
leprous~lépreux
SW~SW
supervising~surveillance
Duke's~Duke
Guadeloupe's~Guadeloupe de
importunity~importunité
chattiest~chattiest
noncritical~non critique
Ghanaian~ghanéen
Lotharios~Lotharios
flabbily~flabbily
iterated~itératif
coruscation~coruscation
winter's~hiver de
kaiser's~kaiser de
Breckenridge's~Breckenridge de
westbound~vers l'ouest
erections~erections
cleaving~Fendeuse
Hinduism's~L'hindouisme de
Cocteau's~Cocteau
shortwaves~ondes courtes
fantasy~fantasy
peignoirs~peignoirs
repugnant~répugnant
readjusted~réajusté
holmium's~holmium de
Freya~Freya
redoubts~redoutes
givens~givens
hindered~entravé
paediatric~pédiatrique
Demavend~Demavend
sanitise~désinfecter
McLean's~McLean
cutesier~cutesier
Dvina~Dvina
decodes~decodes
league~ligue
parfait's~de parfait
Vienna's~Vienne de
skyjackers~pirates de l'air
affluence's~de l'affluence
Bettye~Bettye
breathlessly~à bout de souffle
souse~ivrogne
flossing~flossing
angler~pêcheur
hopscotch~marelle
physiologist~physiologiste
gradient~gradient
rapporteur~rapporteur
gouaches~gouaches
Munchhausen~Munchhausen
normalisation~normalisation
jangler~jangler
inundation~inondation
summaries~résumés
owe~devoir
bugle~clairon
vegetables~des légumes
tricycles~tricycles
Anselmo's~Anselmo
Napoleonic's~napoléonienne de
shod~chaussé
sprinklings~aspersions
irreparably~irréparablement
Basra's~Bassora de
vertebra~vertèbre
lapels~revers
Reinaldo~reinaldo
rant's~diatribe de
aftermarket's~après-vente de
oxides~oxydes
delimiter~delimiter
promulgated~promulguée
creepers~creepers
rinses~rinçages
rearguard~arrière-garde
vegetarians~végétariens
problematical~problématique
fowled~fowled
fingertip~fingertip
gaiety~gaiety
massacre~massacre
overpriced~trop cher
majorette's~majorette de
jumped~sauté
kelvins~kelvins
fetid~fetid
pantywaist~pantywaist
precondition~condition préalable
harmoniously~harmoniously
menacingly~d'un air menaçant
enumerate~enumerate
personifying~personnifiant
asked~a demandé
tenderise~attendrir
gasoline~gasoline
emergency's~emergency's
denuclearises~denuclearises
poniard~poignard
spaceship~vaisseau spatial
Velcro~Velcro
justification's~de justification
epidermis~epidermis
capitulate~capituler
issued~Publié
timeserving's~timeserving de
psychoanalysing~psychanalysante
okapis~okapis
secularism~laïcité
capability~aptitude
buttressed~étayé
shallots~échalotes
parasitically~parasite
bleeding's~saigne
clearinghouses~chambres de compensation
fainthearted~fainthearted
Mellon's~Mellon de
merrymaking~réjouissances
ceasefire's~cessez-le de
baddest~baddest
Lebanese's~libanais de
compensations~compensations
housewarmings~pendaisons de crémaillère
heartwarming~réconfortante
engendering~engendering
redrew~redessine
inundates~innonde
cleanly~propre
oiling~graissage
sat~sam
forearming~forearming
Thalia~Thalia
pizza~Pizza
ranginess's~de ranginess
Mephistopheles~Méphistophélès
airbus's~airbus de
reverberate~réverbérer
infidels~infidèles
repulsion's~répulsion de
chunky~chunky
infraction's~infraction de
gusts~gusts
dendrites~dendrites
placidly~placidement
inspiring~inspirant
Doritos's~Années Doritos
gravitates~gravitates
ferrules~ferrules
stripy~stripy
texturing~texturation
operations~opérations
transmittal~transmission
droppings~droppings
breaking~rupture
Mithridates's~Années Mithridate
enrapturing~enrapturing
throatiest~throatiest
Tonia~Tonia
propositioning~propositioning
dependant~dependant
tinkered~bricolé
Galveston~Galveston
checkpoint~point de contrôle
efficient~efficient
sanguinely~avec confiance
lessees~preneurs à bail
coreligionists~coreligionists
porringer~écuelle
china~Chine
detract~detract
cobbled~bricolé
bovine~bovine
credibility's~credibility's
dehydrogenates~dehydrogenates
shadow~ombre
fiche's~fiche's
pandemic's~en cas de pandémie de
brimstone's~de soufre
Venezuelans~Vénézuéliens
hay's~du foin
tourism~tourisme
Swanee~Swanee
honeysuckles~chèvrefeuilles
wickedness~la méchanceté
reinoculates~reinoculates
hardstands~hardstands
zens~Zens
exegesis's~exegesis's
roadshow's~spectacle de rue
excused~excused
prolixity~prolixité
colts~Colts
Galilean~galiléen
charger~chargeur
swiped~chipé
Dale's~Dale
satisfactions~satisfactions
unstop~déboucher
prehuman~préhumaine
halyard's~halyard's
salaciously~salaciously
arugula~Roquette
Wellingtons~botte de caoutchouc
vortex~vortex
cares~soins
Palestinian's~de palestiniens
spectators~spectateurs
Alvarado's~Alvarado de
splinters~échardes
cosmetologist~cosmetologist
gofers~gofers
chequed~décoché
spices~épices
committers~committers
wigeon's~de canard siffleur
spark's~étincelle de
swaggerer~fanfaron
kissers~kissers
crouching~crouching
Chipewyan~Chipewyan
regrows~regrows
falconry~falconry
Marseilles~Marseille
radiotelegraph~radiotélégraphie
quadrupeds~quadrupèdes
foment~foment
hill~colline
Saxon's~saxon de
production~production
smuggler's~des contrebandiers
rosewood~bois de rose
gigantically~gigantically
rte~rte
antibacterial~antibactérien
severs~Severs
broody~couveuse
pressures~pressions
imperial~impérial
Mses~dsérorde
shell~coquille
googling~googling
boudoirs~boudoirs
obsession~obsession
inflorescence~floraison
inertia~inertie
infertile~infertile
carelessness~négligence
docudrama~docudrama
ontogeny~ontogenèse
debunked~debunked
Nd~Dakota du Nord
SARS's~SRAS de
truss's~fermes de
antiabortionist's~antiabortionist de
paralysing~paralysant
Reichstag's~Reichstag de
panel's~panneau de
Zoe's~Zoe
Mogul's~Mogul de
utilisation's~l'utilisation de
Johns's~Johns de
undersecretary~sous-secretaire
Aeschylus~Eschyle
technocrats~technocrates
broaching~brocher
BLTs~BLT
turner's~Turner
ganged~ganged
pursuant~suivant
Moravia~Moravie
referendums~référendums
incapacity~incapacité
incongruities~incongruités
soldered~soudé
reinoculating~reinoculating
Robespierre~Robespierre
Utopian~utopique
adjusted~ajusté
proboscis's~Années proboscis
Chesapeake's~Chesapeake de
wend~wend
rookie~débutant
Emanuel~Emanuel
smokiest~smokiest
abstainers~abstinents
Venezuela~Venezuela
Frazier's~Frazier
bitchiness~bitchiness
siccing~siccing
brutalisation's~de brutalisation
selfish~égoïste
gaminess~gaminess
surfeit~excès
Noble~noble
playboys~playboys
appliqued~appliqued
mimickers~mimétiques
Aurangzeb's~Aurangzeb de
gazebo~gazebo
frighteningly~frighteningly
beef's~de boeuf
Plantagenet's~Plantagenet de
Monongahela~monongahela
commemorate~commémorer
improvident~imprévoyant
hairball's~hairball's
catnapping~à faire la sieste
refortified~refortified
accent~accent
applier's~de applicateur
trepidation's~de trépidation
fullers~fullers
yell's~criez de
Glenna's~Glenna de
playgirl's~de Playgirl
wrath~colère
literariness~littérarité
outcropped~outcropped
vandalising~actes de vandalisme
ghoulish~ghoulish
outrageous~scandaleux
hoodwink~frauder
travellers~voyageurs
democratised~democratised
admonishments~admonestations
shanties~baraques
brawnier~brawnier
souffles~soufflés
seaway's~de la voie maritime
believer's~croyant de
patterning~patterning
shuckses~shuckses
genteelly~genteelly
incomprehensible~incompréhensible
Saroyan~Saroyan
intakes~prises
hiccough~hoquet
coenobite's~de cénobite
piscatorial~Piscatorial
afloat~à flot
coattails~coattails
diaper~diaper
secretary~secrétaire
phenomenon's~phénomènes
diarists~diarists
Heraclitus's~Héraclite de
seminarian~séminariste
line~ligne
pooped~vanné
lookalike's~se ressemblent
burbs's~Années burbs
Tolstoy~Tolstoï
overcharge~surcharge
downbeats~downbeats
sideshow's~de Sideshow
practise~entraine toi
roust~Roust
sheathes~fourreaux
tares~ivraie
Luisa~Luisa
stably~de manière stable
replants~plants repiqués
hydrogen~hydrogène
nitre~nitre
Bulgar~Bulgar
badmouths~badmouths
raptors~oiseaux de proie
deeply~deeply
gypped~gypped
legitimatises~legitimatises
Munch's~Années Munch
reestablish~rétablir
instinct~instinct
lucrative~lucratif
inveteracy~inverti
Frances~Frances
neck~cou
White~blanc
Plato's~Platon
ESR~ESR
lawbreaker's~de lawbreaker
sympathised~sympathisé
arranges~arrange
rumbled~gronda
petrodollars~pétrodollars
enjoys~enjoys
opinion's~des avis
please~S'il vous plaît
fourscore~fourscore
melted~fondu
icebreakers~brise-glace
Morita~Morita
crossbreeds~crossbreeds
pedigrees~pedigrees
Inglewood~Inglewood
detective~detective
Cheerios~Cheerios
slenderising~slenderising
madame's~madame de
Gould~Gould
Kilimanjaro's~Kilimandjaro de
subscriber~abonné
Murchison's~Murchison de
chancellorship~chancellorship
Bootes~Bootes
bowmen~arbalétriers
emigration~emigration
relisted~relisted
hernias~hernies
invitationals~invitationals
splayfeet~pieds tournés en dehors
sputnik's~Sputnik de
parapet's~parapet de
boilerplate~boilerplate
linesmen~lignards
hymens~hymens
mussiest~mussiest
nonreturnable~peuvent pas être échangés
upholstery~tapisserie
nuisance's~nuisance de
bluejeans~Blue Jeans
chorales~chorals
fainest~fainest
absorption's~l'absorption de
blabbing~blabbing
prickle's~Années prickle
Earline's~Earline de
golf~golf
sailplane~planeur
mixer~mixer
liturgists~liturgistes
fireproofs~fireproofs
Ghibelline's~Gibelins de
reptilians~reptiliens
ragingly~ragingly
reconfiguration~reconfiguration
scything~fauchant
abiding~constant
wonk~wonk
unimproved~non amélioré
fetcher's~fetcher's
handwork's~handwork's
outdrawing~outdrawing
echinoderm~echinoderm
methane's~du méthane
galleon~galleon
attainder~attainder
foreboding~foreboding
gunned~gunned
cohering~cohering
misapply~mal appliquer
perpendicular~perpendiculaire
rotated~pivotée
Jersey~Jersey
uneasier~uneasier
uncut~non coupé
containment's~containment's
ascendance's~de montée en puissance
unanswered~sans réponse
bivouac's~bivouac de
geneticist~geneticist
pimping~proxénétisme
oasis~oasis
bullfighting's~de la tauromachie
iodide's~iodure de
roughs~roughs
interpretive~d'interprétation
unworldliness~unworldliness
egoistical~egoistical
erred~erred
Incas~Incas
sweetbrier's~Années sweetbrier
couriering~couriering
lexical~lexical
barques~Barques
Tartuffe's~tartuffe de
pharynx's~pharynx de
vetoing~vetoing
Arlington's~Arlington de
quenches~trempes
jeroboams~jéroboams
vat~T.V.A
ordains~ordonne
relivable~relivable
scampered~plaça une accélération
groused~groused
turreted~à tourelle
neoprene's~néoprène de
lopsidedness's~de déhanché
hooky~hooky
Anna~Anna
peeling~peeling
decency's~decency's
swung~balancé
probity's~de probité
brisked~brisked
eigenvalues~eigenvalues
averages~moyennes
fibular~fibular
schoolboy's~collégien de
Scythian~Scythe
impregnating~imprégnation
calcite's~Années calcites
endometrial~endometrial
finesse~finesse
bicker's~Bicker de
crevasses~crevasses
kited~kited
tippexed~tippexed
sacrilegiously~sacrilègement
wirier~wirier
gush's~gush's
squashy~moelleux
curs~curs
mestizos~mestizos
brightness~luminosité
Holley's~Holley de
litre~litre
thighbone's~fémurs
motorman's~de motorman
Emma~Emma
ballparks~ballparks
reintegration~réintégration
electrically~electrically
EFT~EFT
knitwear~tricots
construct's~la construction de
speedometers~les tachymètres
netiquettes~netiquettes
certification's~certification de
funereally~funereally
tauten~tendre
fuck's~fuck's
sonorously~une voix sonore
Albee's~Albee
amazes~stupéfie
illuminatingly~lumineusement
lamasery's~lamaserie de
Ladonna's~Ladonna de
keypunches~keypunches
limiter~limiteur
Cozumel's~Cozumel de
hardware~hardware
priorities~priorités
Kurtis's~Kurtis de
objection's~L'objection de
Parker~Parker
belabour~trop insister sur
boodles~boodles
warehouses~entrepôts
disencumbers~disencumbers
debility's~debility's
Cepheid's~Cepheid de
mistress~maîtresse
straggler's~de traînard
whined~pleurniché
bedroom~chambre
Brecht~Brecht
tailpipe~tuyau d'échappement
popular~populaire
toke~bouffée
accrues~lui reviennent
industriousness's~de industrieux
concordances~Concordances
quasi~quasi
howler's~de hurleur
humorous~humoristique
multiplies~multiplications
grippe's~grippe's
linoleum's~linoléum de
scoliosis's~de la scoliose
saprophyte's~de saprophyte
shares~actions
gigged~gigged
circumnavigated~circumnavigation
bazooka~bazooka
assuage~apaiser
Nero~Nero
Jimmie~Jimmie
h~h
enchantments~enchantments
lodger~locataire
insets~empiècements
forkful~forkful
Ubuntu's~Ubuntu de
anklebone's~astragale de
viperous~viperous
literal~littéral
atonal~atonal
stroppy~stroppy
soul's~âme de
sculpt~sculpter
funking~funking
electrocute~electrocute
Lenora's~Lenora de
gladness's~gladness's
cabooses~cambuses
enuresis's~enuresis's
Aristophanes's~Années Aristophane
onionskin~peau d'oignon
saltbox's~saltbox de
symmetrical~symétrique
gloried~gloried
musclebound~musclebound
exemplary~exemplary
rudders~safrans
lyrical~lyrique
frighten~frighten
glistens~glistens
Yuan's~Yuan de
melanin~mélanine
Torrance's~Torrance de
allegorist~allégoriste
finalisation~finalisation
chubbier~potelé
beatnik's~beatnik de
feedlot~feedlot
Cheer's~À votre santé
churl's~Années manant
redevelopment~restructuration
premonition~prémonition
vileness~bassesse
whammy's~coup dur de
dhoti's~dhoti's
approbations~approbations
rivalled~rivalisé
fogey~fogey
greeters~greeters
gymnast's~gymnast's
Caribbeans~Caribéens
aeon's~Aeon de
cabals~cabales
bulldozer~bulldozer
pulpiness's~pulpeux de
refugee~réfugié
suspender's~bretelles
atones~expie
Sadr's~Sadr
spicule's~de spicules
revelry's~revelry de
Panamas~panamas
bonded~lié
nurturer~nourricier
redissolved~redissous
imbrication~imbrication
shouter's~de crieur
dreadfully~dreadfully
handier~handier
crossfire~crossfire
Americanising~américaniser
iteration's~itération de
extravagances~extravagances
lariats~lassos
enthroned~enthroned
breasted~poitrine
fecklessness~fecklessness
mouthing~mise en bouche
creamy~creamy
Jockey's~Jockey
locality's~de localité
phylogeny's~de phylogénie
outproducing~outproducing
trainman~trainman
putrefactive~putréfié
luffs~lofe
Trojan's~Trojan de
toothaches~maux de dents
goddess~goddess
chigger~chique
unfeminine~peu féminine
reconfirmations~reconfirmations
Fonda~Fonda
gunpowder~gunpowder
Angolans~Angolais
crams~crams
Pliocenes~Pliocenes
chastening~châtiés
chutzpah~chutzpah
ghettoised~ghettoised
chairing~présidence
championship~championnat
miss~manquer
litanies~litanies
fritz~fritz
pulls~tractions
perfumes~parfums
fellest~fellest
thorium~thorium
never~jamais
scrumhalves~scrumhalves
influentially~influentially
marine~Marin
seesawed~oscillé
error's~error's
tantalises~titille
birettas~barrettes
decanter~decanter
intoner~entonneur
campiest~campiest
extrusions~extrusions
autopsy~autopsie
Tiber~Tiber
compounds~composés
Safavid's~safavide de
overtires~overtires
woodman~Woodman
ushers~placiers
transmittance's~transmission de
ramification~ramification
afferent~afférences
Asama's~Asama de
stopples~stopples
squirm's~de tortiller
plumiest~plumiest
phobia~phobie
parley's~pourparler de
challenge's~défis
sexuality~sexualité
nonrepresentational~nonrepresentational
liturgist~liturgiste
patinae~patines
honeys~Miels
issue~problème
dewclaw's~dewclaw's
collectivisation's~de collectivisation
tinier~tinier
striven~efforcé
tealight~Photophore
Jeffery's~Jeffery de
experiences~experiences
Knickerbocker's~Knickerbockers
burbs~burbs
Florsheim's~Florsheim de
Ghent~Gand
sea's~mer de
hellion's~de Hellion
carting~charroi
codas~codas
shipboard~à bord des navires
hangar~hangar
tippet's~pèlerine de
cramming~cramming
bespatter~éclabousser
Murchison~Murchison
juts~juts
bombardier~aviateur
frailty~frailty
asps~aspic
fulminated~fulminated
cancellers~annuleurs
centaur's~centaure de
productivity~productivité
Pharaoh's~Pharaon
nontarnishable~nontarnishable
sonny~fiston
spacer~espaceur
churn~baratte
baptism's~baptême de
we~nous
Lydians~Lydians
teatimes~teatimes
negations~négations
Shetlands~Shetlands
fatuity~fatuity
bookkeeping's~la comptabilité de
deign~deign
passerby's~passant de
repentance's~de repentance
Robles's~Années Robles
lexicographer's~de lexicographe
plough's~Plough
harries~Harries
unanimity's~l'unanimité de
bombardments~bombardements
backhander's~bakchich de
garlanded~garlanded
residual~résiduel
butteriest~butteriest
Brahman's~Brahman de
hiatus~hiatus
viciously~vicieusement
days~days
fall~fall
shockers~fumiers
Korean's~Corée du
swigged~swigged
revivalism~revivalisme
catcalling~sifflets
Ghana~Ghana
Mnemosyne's~Mnémosyne de
Yellowknife~Yellowknife
shuck's~Shuck de
regression's~de régression
chaplaincies~aumôneries
tribesmen~membres de la tribu
presupposes~suppose
Tevet's~de Tevet
congruity~congruence
virginity~virginité
implosions~implosions
Wiles~Wiles
cage's~sa cage
numerator's~numérateur de
clashed~affrontées
jar~pot
its~ses
gorgons~gorgons
decaffs~decaffs
spacer's~entretoise de
Argentinian~argentin
bobbed~coupés au carré
shorter~plus court
haft~haft
Delawareans~du Delaware
fuse~fuse
sacredly~saintement
defender's~defender's
bugged~buggé
demagnetisation's~demagnetisation's
Castillo's~Castillo de
Ripley's~Ripley
canines~canines
powerful~puissant
bickerer~bickerer
dissimulators~dissimulators
varicoloured~multicolore
chop's~côtelettes
limitlessness~illimitation
cliffhanger's~de cliffhanger
Muir~Muir
identifying~identifier
jemmies~jemmies
presidential~présidentiel
jubilant~radieux
codex's~codex de
vibration's~de vibrations
whisking~en fouettant
levelheadedness~levelheadedness
agriculturally~agriculture
somersets~somersets
sophistries~sophismes
skoals~skoals
curlicued~curlicued
Fagin~Fagin
cheque's~chèque de
concoction~mélange
enmeshment~enmeshment
Metternich's~Metternich
gonged~gonged
timeline's~chronologie de
guarantied~guarantied
chatterbox~bavard
sidewall's~flanc de
Tawney's~Tawney de
wingtip~wingtip
prancer~prancer
fuehrer~fuehrer
baud~transmission
laved~baigné
posies~posies
increments~incréments
distributive~distributive
pricker's~pricker de
crunchier~crunchier
unobservant~unobservant
copula's~copula's
request's~La demande de
pantechnicon~camion de déménagement
unhampered~sans entraves
Corvette's~Corvette
readable~lisible
subtexts~subtexts
intimately~intimement
yaps~jappements
colourblindness's~daltonisme de
lonely~solitaire
swellest~swellest
stiffening's~de raidissement
deselects~deselects
Ariadne's~Ariadne de
lucubration's~élucubration de
bursa's~bursa de
currycombed~currycombed
hearken~écouter
conveyance~conveyance
wallahs~wallahs
Trippe's~Trippe de
wept~pleuraient
nettling~Nettling
vacationist~vacancier
skirmishes~escarmouches
penitently~contrit
peppers~poivrons
penthouse~auvent
Bi~Bi
heterogeneity~hétérogénéité
Earhart~Earhart
subdivisions~subdivisions
repine~se plaindre
minuteman's~Minuteman de
mo~mo
Holbein~Holbein
chaff's~la balle de
blowouts~éclatements
numbly~d'un air hébété
penis~pénis
liturgies~liturgies
verity~vérité
indication~indication
weatherperson's~de weatherperson
stemming~découlant
disservice's~disservice's
Herrick~Herrick
houseplant's~de plantes d'intérieur
sounded~sonné
feudalism~feudalism
frankfurter's~frankfurter's
uranium's~de l'uranium
teenier~une miniaturisation
rubbish~ordures
pansies~pansies
mistrust~méfiance
goodbyes~goodbyes
Southwest's~sud-ouest de
Walter's~Walter de
chilling~refroidissement
blue's~bleues
sleet~neige fondue
chieftains~chefs de clan
ponce~maquereau
directs~directs
executrices~executrices
ErvIn~Ervin
separated~séparé
fount's~fount's
aspidistras~aspidistras
teenybopper~teenybopper
surmises~conjectures
polemics's~Années pamphlets
gluier~gluier
Tahiti~Tahiti
leftism's~de gauchisme
Nicodemus~Nicodemus
nudge's~coup de coude de
escrow's~escrow's
deflecting~deflecting
murrain~peste
governors~governors
emphasising~emphasising
protectorate's~protectorat de
Tacoma's~Tacoma
bozo's~Bozo de
deathlessly~deathlessly
modify~modifier
Napier's~Napier de
updated~actualisé
twitch~tic
slights~affronts
elaborations~elaborations
Cheri~Chéri
Cantonese's~Années cantonais
tenaciousness's~de tenacité
conglomerate~conglomérat
perkier~PERRIER
gliding's~gliding's
celebrating~célébrer
Hague's~La Haye de
building's~bâtiments
politest~politest
pallid~pâle
carbonating~carbonatation
beads~perles
surceasing~surceasing
bantam~coq nain
personifications~personnifications
hazy~brumeux
blameless~irréprochable
Indonesians~Indonésiens
paradoxically~paradoxalement
dialects~dialects
steed~coursier
flaccidity's~flaccidity's
Koufax's~Koufax de
quitters~quitters
cheerfuller~cheerfuller
detractor~detractor
Beaujolais~Beaujolais
effusiveness's~effusiveness's
jute~jute
Bridges~Des ponts
overkill's~de surpuissance
crewed~crewed
ripsaw~scie à refendre
Lyly~Lyly
statuette's~statuette de
blarneys~blarneys
adjudicator's~arbitre de
Lovelace~Lovelace
ionizers~ioniseurs
calcining~calciner
diagnostics~diagnostics
incident~incident
gravamen~gravamen
peasants~paysans
Wycliffe~Wycliffe
miners~mineurs
bum's~bum
quietus's~Quietus de
imagines~imagines
clvii~clvii
scythed~fauché
JFK's~JFK de
Burbank~Burbank
crayola~crayola
retributions~rétributions
pellagra~pellagre
Cheshire's~Cheshire de
Heshvan~Hechvan
minibars~minibar
shucks~zut alors
Delawarean~Delawarean
dispassionately~dispassionately
astringent's~de astringentes
ballgowns~robes de bal
optic's~optique
Duracell's~Duracell de
Hangul's~Hangul de
Wyeth~wyeth
Miller's~Miller
flume~flume
braiding~tressage
opposites~opposés
Melendez~Melendez
twanging~nasillard
credit's~credit's
guff~guff
salvers~plateaux
dropsy's~dropsy's
silverware~argenterie
Eros's~Eros de
predigests~predigests
lychgate~lychgate
deflected~deflected
formlessness~formlessness
topcoat~manteau
spin's~tour de
Lyell's~Lyell
popinjays~perroquets
mongering~mongering
mythologist~mythologue
unpredictability's~l'imprévisibilité de
coadjutor's~coadjuteur de
makeup~maquillage
smelliness's~smelliness de
unleavened~sans levain
deliquescent~deliquescent
bionics's~Années Bionique
attractiveness~attraction
amateurishly~amateurishly
pigeonholing~pigeonholing
whither~où
tacit~tacite
fishing~fishing
cinches~sangles
commercially~commercialement
choroid~choroïde
immigrant's~les immigrants
stinkbug~Punaise
Pullman's~Pullman de
readying~prépare
accretion's~accrétion de
Nicholson~Nicholson
Golgotha's~Golgotha ​​de
grabbier~grabbier
recapitalisation~recapitalisation
bicycled~bicyclette
Thai's~thaïlandais
sufficing~sufficing
parasailing~paravoile
discourtesies~discourtesies
valleys~vallées
Benghazi~Benghazi
kowtowed~prosterné
exported~exported
gladiolus's~gladiolus's
assets~les atouts
trussed~trussed
Salvador's~Salvador de
suburbanites~suburbanites
fuzz~fuzz
rebuff's~rebuffade de
desecration~desecration
Dunkirk's~Dunkerque de
muzzling~muselant
aping~singerie
metastatic~métastatique
aerofoil~aerofoil
inclusiveness's~de l'inclusion
cholera's~le choléra de
crumbier~crumbier
toady~flagorneur
empty's~empty's
alternated~alternait
snakes~serpents
teacup~tasse à thé
McKay~McKay
estimation~estimation
materialist~matérialiste
Maximilian~Maximilian
tragically~tragiquement
simplicity's~la simplicité de
doomsayer~doomsayer
impregnably~impregnably
messing~déconner
dancer's~dancer's
segmenting~segmentant
chieftain's~chef de clan de
constancy's~la constance de
centimes~centimes
itinerary's~l'itinéraire de
channelled~canalisé
discernible~discernible
holster's~étui années
houseflies~les mouches domestiques
humourless~dépourvu d'humour
misspeaking~misspeaking
auxiliary~auxiliaire
Hamhung~Hamhung
southeaster~vent du sud-est
disentangles~disentangles
loosest~loosest
vertical's~verticale de
detrimental~detrimental
prise~prix
dialogues~dialogues
prestige's~le prestige de
bimonthlies~bimensuels
Creighton~Creighton
Olen's~Olen de
Hazlitt~Hazlitt
cos~cos
manures~fumiers
scavenge~récupérer
honourer~honourer
ornithologist~ornithologue
Sharron's~Sharron de
outcry's~levée de boucliers de
explosions~explosions
Luella~Luella
perniciously~pernicieusement
buy's~achat de
paralegal~parajuriste
tangerine's~Années mandariniers
cowbell's~cowbell's
clarity's~de clarté
Amerindians~Amérindiens
cremated~cremated
trigonometric~trigonométrique
Marjory~Marjory
sirs~sirs
invasion's~invasion de
researches~recherches
throttled~étranglé
scapulae~scapulae
rectifiable~rectifiable
maul's~Années maul
Macaulay~Macaulay
grislier~grislier
Thales's~THALES
shadowed~ombré
Obamacare~Obamacare
aliveness's~de aliveness
behaviourists~comportementalistes
martinis~martinis
recontacts~recontacte
monsoon's~mousson de
Gaza's~Gaza de
figurines~figurines
dags~dags
noncooperation's~de la non-coopération
oafs~rustres
machinery~Machines
evangelicals~evangelicals
fibulae~fibulae
wittiest~plus spirituel
modernism~modernisme
e'er~e'er
sultana~sultane
Englishmen's~Années des Anglais
tocsin~tocsin
Serra~Serra
waltzes~valses
veejay's~Années VeeJay
monitor's~moniteur de
shapelessness's~de l'informe
trouper~acteur qui fait partie d'un groupe de théâtre
thuds~bruits sourds
tenaciously~avec ténacité
vagueness~imprécision
loftier~plus noble
Akron's~Akron de
enclosed~enclosed
throatier~gutturale
Annunciation~Annonciation
muff~manchon
oozed~suinté
retrial's~un nouveau procès de
unplaced~unplaced
administers~administre
bilingualism~bilinguisme
terminals~terminaux
vesiculate~vésiculeuse
prince~prince
consists~consiste
peremptorily~péremptoirement
contortion's~contortion's
extents~extents
journalese~jargon journalistique
phat~Phat
sidles~Sidles
perfidies~perfidies
rainstorms~pluies torrentielles
covens~covens
straits~gêne
sensitives~sensitifs
spanking~fessée
account~Compte
Sarnoff's~Sarnoff de
reeducation~rééducation
scrunch's~Années Scrunch
Kate's~Kate
sluttiest~salope
phagocyte~phagocyte
heating~chauffage
wing's~ailes
Bibles~Bibles
thinkers~penseurs
greenroom's~greenroom's
product's~des produits
depreciate~depreciate
subverted~subverti
shake's~le tremblement de
Montgolfier~Montgolfier
dachshund's~dachshund's
morphing's~de morphing
philistinism's~philistinisme de
smothers~Smothers
begrimed~noircis
inessential's~inessentiel de
saltpetre's~salpêtre de
preps~Preps
inseminate~inséminer
confiders~confiders
Nguyen's~Nguyen
introspects~introspecte
brewing~brassage
undertakes~engage
autopilot's~du pilote automatique
refuel~ravitailler
dazzler's~dazzler's
secession~sécession
soybeans~soja
Danelaw's~Danelaw de
guitarists~guitarists
composed~composé
declassified~declassified
slipknot's~Slipknot de
knighthood's~de chevalier
underside's~dessous de
para's~années para
axiom~axiome
Linda~Linda
untutored~peu instruit
occurrences~occurrences
bondwomen~vos servantes
buzzard~buse
blockhead~imbécile
archduchess's~Années archiduchesse
caress~caresse
lithographer~lithographe
umbilici~umbilici
neanderthal~Néandertal
Punch's~Punch de
chickpea~pois chiche
Permian~permien
engineer~engineer
reproached~reprocha
axe's~hache de
filed~filed
monopolises~monopolisant
crudites~crudites
shepherd~berger
gobbling~gobbling
hydroplaned~aquaplanage
canary's~canari de
disheartens~disheartens
enthrals~enthrals
backstabber~backstabber
warhorse~Cheval de bataille
toys~jouets
guardians~guardians
mammogram's~de mammographie
unsaying~unsaying
Violet's~violette
Leakey's~Leakey de
codified~codifié
comments~commentaires
demolished~demolished
Rodger~Rodger
forensics~forensics
abstracting~abstraire
meatpacking~Meatpacking
testosterone~testostérone
mountings~supports
illustriousness's~illustriousness de
headed~à tête
marshal's~maréchal de
buttes~buttes
multiplayer's~multi-joueurs de
sidewinders~sidewinders
gift's~gift's
heuristic~heuristique
Yossarian~Yossarian
egomaniac~egomaniac
MBA~MBA
shifts~quarts de travail
amulet~amulette
pianola~pianola
calculator's~calculatrice de
Montserrat~Montserrat
drippy~drippy
UTC~UTC
dist~dist
spellers~orthographiques
collates~assemble
Fragonard's~Fragonard
trier~Trêves
muddleheaded~brouillon
hydration's~hydratation de
turbos~Turbos
lifesaving~sauver des vies
proprietary~propriétaire
learnedly~doctement
referral~référence
revolutionises~révolutionne
commiserate~témoigner de la sympathie
Hebrews's~Hébreux de
rigging~gréement
escape's~escape's
broaches~broches
Alvaro's~Alvaro de
rightism~opinion de droite
authors~auteurs
liveliest~animé
Cheever~Cheever
adage~adage
giveback's~giveback's
handsomeness's~handsomeness's
renewable~renouvelable
topographers~topographes
Neil's~Neil
mazes~labyrinthes
slayings~meurtres
inroad~incursion
unknown~inconnu
b~b
Feb's~février de
adjudication~arbitrage
yucca~yucca
vivaciousness~vivaciousness
hoods~hottes
darning~darning
shoddier~shoddier
classified's~est classé
utter~prononcer
sawfly~tenthrède
theorems~théorèmes
applesauce's~compote de pommes de
outplay~battre
shrunken~réduit
sincerity's~la sincérité de
Mathis~Mathis
collateral~collatéral
beachwear's~beachwear de
acetaminophen's~acétaminophène de
diving's~diving's
inactive~inactif
industry~industrie
treadles~pédales
consular~consular
protract~prolonger
imbibes~imbibe
specialising~spécialisation
lantern~lanterne
cosmogonists~cosmogonists
redeveloping~Réaménagement
ABC~abc
elected~elected
fattier~fattier
squiggles~gribouillis
gaudiness~gaudiness
consigns~relègue
treaty~traité
Lemuel~Lemuel
woodsheds~bûchers
bag's~des sacs
ecologically~ecologically
quadriplegics~tétraplégiques
lawns~pelouses
income's~du revenu
bayed~aboya
maxillary~maxillaire
drunks~drunks
undramatic~dédramatisée
Hilbert's~Hilbert
comedown's~de comedown
dumper~dumper
infringed~enfreinte
bulletins~bulletins
electrolysis's~electrolysis's
sovereigns~souverains
finials~finials
Sussex's~Sussex de
pyruvate~pyruvate
constancy~constance
onslaughts~attaques
Wehrmacht's~wehrmacht de
keelhauled~Keelhauled
pessimistic~pessimiste
Tennessean~Tennessean
plateaus~plateaux
fixer~fixer
cardboard's~carton de
muffles~moufles
Niagara's~NIAGARA
magazines~les magazines
eternity's~eternity's
execrated~execrated
osculates~osculates
snooper's~de Snooper
pillows~oreillers
Jagger~Jagger
flagrancy's~flagrancy's
seize~s'emparer de
manhandle~malmener
dubbin's~dubbin's
furniture~furniture
deprecated~deprecated
rustproof~antirouille
outshining~outshining
copyright~copyright
Carmelo~Carmelo
gilded~gilded
frowziness's~frowziness's
bronchitis's~la bronchite de
harridan~vieille harpie
plunge~plonger
pirouetting~pirouettant
audacity~audace
Layamon's~Layamon de
disentangled~disentangled
superficial~superficiel
spearheaded~le fer de lance
nuzzler's~Nuzzler de
distillates~distillates
fistful's~fistful's
dominatrix's~dominatrix's
Malian~Mali
transited~transité
maturates~maturates
mask~masque
Caesars~Caesars
laves~Laves
sillier~plus bête
phonemes~phonèmes
civets~civettes
jockeyed~manœuvraient
urinal's~urinoir de
rasher~tranche de bacon
stringed~à cordes
peal~carillonner
Alyce~Alyce
oncologists~oncologues
Jacobite~Jacobite
opaques~opaques
jailhouses~jailhouses
amniotic~amniotique
tuners~tuners
companies~entreprises
gaseous~gaseous
labour~la main d'oeuvre
Alcyone~Alcyone
Volgograd's~Volgograd de
mediator's~médiateur de
adjudging~adjugeant
textile's~textile de
misdoing~méfait
Egyptology's~égyptologie de
history's~histoire de
upholstering~capitonnage
remover's~Années Dissolvant
wheedler~enjôleur
baud's~transmission de
Gerald~Gerald
Samuel~Samuel
debauchery's~debauchery's
comptroller's~Contrôleur financier de
narcotises~narcotises
ideologies~idéologies
unemployment's~du chômage
Durante~Durante
Euler's~Euler
disorganisation~disorganisation
fuss's~fuss's
unaltered~inaltérée
Beauregard~Beauregard
pert~coquin
Brno~Brno
flagstaff's~flagstaff's
appreciable~appréciable
Guatemala~Guatemala
asthmatic~asthmatique
budgerigars~perruches
grillings~grillings
mittens~Mitaines
smuggest~smuggest
mage's~mage de
flannelette's~flannelette's
Crayola's~Crayola de
congresses~congrès
stimulated~stimulé
sadists~sadistes
geeky~geeky
Ithacan's~Années Ithaque
knoll~monticule
defrauded~defrauded
gorier~gorier
puritanism's~de puritanisme
Ganymede~Ganymède
hanger~hanger
chippie~Chippie
windiness~venteux
inconveniencing~incommoder
Epcot's~Années Epcot
penitence~pénitence
duct's~duct's
chartered~charte
disproportionate~disproportionate
mitre~mitre
plaintiff's~demandeur de
emollient's~emollient's
accidental~accidentel
Kari~Kari
inkstand~encrier
wordbooks~wordbooks
stenography~sténographie
progressiveness~progressisme
competing~concurrence
paroles~Paroles
Android~Android
simulcasted~simulcasted
Proteus~Proteus
Sassoon's~Sassoon de
schematised~schématisée
peduncle's~Années pédoncules
Andrea~Andrea
grouping's~grouping's
ho~ho
cow~cow
lariat's~Lariat de
proofreading~correction des épreuves
failures~failures
decaffeinated~decaffeinated
Persia's~Années Perse
vertex's~sommet de
wheelwright~charron
oestrogen's~oestrogène de
refinance~refinancement
Tyler~Tyler
talent~Talent
Maurine's~Maurine de
slickers~cirés
lecherous~lubrique
stillbirth~mort à la naissance
rehanging~nouvel accrochage
indices~indices
seismographs~sismographes
dispels~dispels
Beaufort's~Beaufort de
melodies~mélodies
butcher's~boucherie
indexation~indexation
steak~steak
impetuosity's~impétuosité de
scantness~scantness
mosque's~mosquée de
greater~greater
Sir~Monsieur
escapades~escapades
potentates~potentats
Ural's~Ural de
bolt's~Bolt
aligned~aligné
sonorousness~sonoréité
embittering~embittering
worse's~est pire
unaided~sans aide extérieure
polonaise's~de polonaise
extremist~extremist
flamenco's~flamenco's
Atlantic's~Atlantique de
manslaughter~homicide involontaire
Elvin~Elvin
emeritus~emeritus
arbitrament~arbitrage
Nan's~Nan
bitchiest~bitchiest
gaucherie's~gaucherie's
localising~Localising
internecine~intestine
workingman~Travailleur
extracted~extracted
affix~affixe
phew~phew
workbook's~classeur de
forward~forward
westerns~les westerns
Mennonites~mennonites
gaudily~gaudily
lawrencium~lawrencium
rutherfordium~rutherfordium
airflow's~flux d'air de
bested~bested
tessellating~tessellating
haunts~repaires
destabilising~destabilising
lexicon's~lexique de
barrow's~tertre de
forensic's~forensic's
Assisi's~Assise de
sissy~poule mouillée
unpractical~peu pratique
review~la revue
consistence's~de consistance
clit's~de clito
plighted~engagé
chic~élégant
housebreak~faire traîner
broncos~broncos
Burlington's~Burlington de
dewiest~dewiest
Pennsylvanians~Pennsylvaniens
cybersex~cybersex
noncom's~années sous off
sorrels~Oseille
links~des liens
outcomes~les résultats
epicure's~epicure's
reapply~appliquer de nouveau
start~début
razzmatazz's~de Razzmatazz
exterior's~exterior's
lipreading~lecture sur les lèvres
amphetamines~amphétamines
constellation~constellation
Wednesdays~mercredi
plane~avion
sirocco's~Sirocco de
inchworm's~de Inchworm
crazily~crazily
appeasers~conciliateurs
spender~dépensier
fusspot's~fusspot's
restructure~restructurer
wartier~wartier
Darryl's~Darryl
closing~fermeture
abduction~enlèvement
inconvenienced~incommodés
primers~amorces
stents~stents
siesta~sieste
noncooperation~non coopération
Margarita~Margarita
wain's~Wain de
highlighter's~Années surligneur
outrages~outrages
conservatory's~jardin d'hiver de
risky~risqué
Thracian~thrace
phenobarbital's~de phénobarbital
Vanuatu's~Vanuatu de
wholesale~de gros
workhouse's~de workhouse
nagware~nagware
involvements~engagements
minims~minims
brownstone~grès brun
woodiness's~woodiness de
pavilion's~pAVILLON
ancestry~ascendance
crookedness's~crookedness's
malign~calomnier
skibob~ski-bob
grantees~grantees
marlinespike~marlinespike
encouraging~encouraging
smacker~grosse bise
toughener~toughener
vocalisation's~de vocalisation
scenarist's~de scenarist
overused~galvaudé
intense~intense
seafood~Fruit de mer
slinks~Furcifers
burbling~gargouillis
porters~porteurs
Rhodesian~rhodesian
impedance~impédance
wigwagged~wigwagged
thronged~bondé
thematic~thématique
Hayden's~Hayden
Barbadian's~barbadienne de
nudging~coup de coude
brutishly~bestialement
rockfall~rockfall
fogyish~fogyish
Carlson~Carlson
Thea~Le A
allegorically~allégoriquement
Williamson~Williamson
faint~faint
boondoggler~boondoggler
silting~envasement
tweeters~tweeters
plushness's~plushness de
predates~est antérieure
slaving~asservissant
exorcist's~exorcist's
apostasy's~l'apostasie de
tussocks~touradons
Clark's~Clark
improvidence's~imprévoyance de
recapping~rechapage
catholic~catholique
foursome~foursome
sorghum~sorgho
attention's~l'attention de
blockader's~blockader de
colourfastness's~solidité de la couleur de
Grenada~Grenade
wog~métèque
listens~écoute
propagandised~propagandised
perching~percher
Frenchwoman's~Française de
prohibitory~prohibitive
Kendra~Kendra
Kamehameha's~Kamehameha de
Scotswomen's~de Scotswomen
nontrivial~nonbanal
NoDoz's~Nodoz de
Chablis~Chablis
loudly~bruyamment
Salish's~Années Salish
curiosity's~curiosity's
seediest~seediest
microwaving~microwaving
Schlitz's~Schlitz de
resentfully~resentfully
enlivenment~enlivenment
purports~prétend
tastiness's~tastiness de
educability~educability
engineers~engineers
underpants~slip
snuggle~se pelotonner
resort~recours
implant's~implant de
Negros's~Années Negros
banned~banni
amperage's~ampérage de
discerning~discerning
Yiddish's~yiddish de
promulgation's~promulgation de
discursive~discursive
homophobia~l'homophobie
methanol~methanol
ERA~ÈRE
snub's~rebuffade de
Bobbitt~Bobbitt
pavements~trottoirs
Mondale~Mondale
driveway~driveway
inducing~induisant
throttler~throttler
pickaxes~pioches
dumping~dumping
restrictiveness~restrictivité
lusty~vigoureux
standoffish~standoffish
cockier~cockier
prorogues~proroge
furnishings~furnishings
extravagantly~extravagantly
spyware~Spyware
shortsightedly~myope
unkindest~Unkindest
banjos~banjos
LCD's~écrans LCD
lowborn~basse naissance
collocation's~colocalisation de
privatise~privatiser
videotape~cassette vidéo
ringtone~sonnerie
inversions~inversions
hp~hp
booking's~réservation de
cultivation~cultivation
arc's~de l'arc
lagniappes~lagniappes
meltdown's~effondrement de
diddle~diddle
enhancing~enhancing
antiphonally~antiphonally
constructors~constructors
Lottie~Lottie
radar's~radar de
kinsman's~de parent
unfurling~déferlante
gallbladder~gallbladder
delayers~delayers
aphelion's~aphélie de
din's~din's
winker~clignotant
Price~Prix
food's~food's
rattrap~piège à rats
craving~craving
omitting~omettant
clergywomen~clergywomen
morning~Matin
yardmen~Yardmen
waked~Waked
wilts~fane
Tara's~Tara
Howell~Howell
peroxiding~peroxiding
exterminates~exterminates
enduing~enduing
honouree's~de lauréat
anytime~à tout moment
reformulating~reformulation
recalcitrant~récalcitrant
Cahokia's~Cahokia de
credentials~credentials
overlaying~superposant
recantation~abjuration
drudged~drudged
Slavic~slave
scribblers~plumitifs
Valkyries~Walkyries
transducer's~transducteur de
whatnot's~Années autres joyeusetés
perambulator~landau
redesigning~nouvelle conception
showiest~criard
anchormen~présentateurs
twig's~brindille de
Svengali~Svengali
frond's~frond's
replaced~remplacé
clover's~trèfle de
Hepburn~Hepburn
quaver's~de croches
sassafras~sassafras
arced~arquée
maintaining~le maintien
concreting~bétonnage
bleakest~plus noire
gaffe's~gaffe's
dictatorial~dictatorial
autoclave's~autoclave de
Major's~majeure
Callahan~Callahan
drowns~drowns
mega~méga
comforts~confort
Luella's~Luella de
Portsmouth's~Portsmouth de
toastmistress~toastmistress
bishop's~évêque de
onslaught's~Onslaught de
Mahicans~Mahicans
preachier~preachier
reforesting~reboiser
Vanuatu~Vanuatu
garrote's~garrote's
hairsplitter's~hairsplitter's
counterrevolutionaries~counterrevolutionaries
ambidexterity~ambidextrie
theorise~théoriser
disdainfully~disdainfully
Nagasaki~Nagasaki
footy~footy
offsite~hors site
nomination~nomination
huff's~Huff
salutatorian's~années salutatorian
hurler's~Hurler
amputates~ampute
geek's~geek's
finesse's~finesse's
Hayworth~Hayworth
slowcoach~lambin
flaring~flaring
Bournemouth's~Bournemouth de
critic~critic
Tunney~Tunney
Chechnya's~de Tchétchénie
unitises~unitises
sandiness~sableuse
deadlocking~deadlocking
nachos~Nachos
Marines~Marines
now~à présent
Morales's~Années Morales
blackouts~évanouissements
fuzzballs~fuzzballs
worldwide~à l'échelle mondiale
Thessaloniki~Thessalonique
shoring~étayage
cornbread's~cornbread's
nine~neuf
satyr's~satyre de
mellowness~moelleux
manliness~virilité
inscrutableness's~inscrutable de
cheerleader~Majorette
Hodges~Hodges
Reuters~Reuters
smirk's~sourire en coin de
unforgotten~unforgotten
Leland~Leland
lupus's~années lupus
Collier~Charbonnier
micron's~micron de
moist~humide
revamp's~refonte de
Priscilla's~Priscilla
obtuseness's~obtusion de
gaff's~gaff's
safekeeping~bonne garde
Uzi's~Années Uzi
spouse~époux
pettifogger's~cuistre de
parishes~paroisses
mender~celui qui raccommode
catapulted~catapulté
squint~strabisme
remounted~remis en selle
bagpiper~joueur de cornemuse
sangfroid~sang-froid
repleteness's~repleteness de
defalcated~defalcated
Dramamines~Dramamines
sacredness's~de sacralité
eject~eject
oasis's~oasis de
scansion's~de scansion
landscaper~landscaper
obscene~obscène
impetus~élan
pairwise~pairwise
commissioner's~commissaire de
dairyman~dairyman
moo~meuglement
tweed's~tweed de
flatworm's~flatworm's
muffling~assourdissement
sniffing~reniflement
laetrile~laetrile
bibs~dossards
slobbers~bave
interviewer's~enquêteur de
fantastically~fantastically
straightforwardness's~de straightforwardness
invitation~invitation
howlers~hurleurs
uncrossed~décroisé
stationers~papetiers
slaps~gifles
three~Trois
viced~effectué sans problème
weighbridges~ponts-bascules
contusions~contusions
bulked~en vrac
Schneider's~Schneider
remarkableness's~remarkableness de
overproduction's~surproduction de
aphrodisiacs~aphrodisiaques
copper~copper
paramecia~paramécie
obscenity~obscénité
ramble~randonnée
spouts~becs verseurs
goshawk's~goshawk's
smarts's~de smarts
Father~Père
unrelentingly~sans répit
watchdog~chien de garde
houseboys~boys
awardee~awardee
chide~gronder
drier~drier
patrons~clients
venal~vénal
vintage's~VINTAGE
Elisa~Elisa
profligately~profligately
surrogate~substitut
questions~des questions
appropriators~appropriateurs
ideologist~idéologue
Corvus's~Corvus de
messiest~messiest
cultist~cultist
Vilnius's~Vilnius de
possums~opossums
stoically~stoïquement
apiary's~rucher de
rottener~rottener
Hench's~Hench de
aah~aah
Tweedledum~Gémeaux
estrangements~estrangements
muskellunge's~maskinongé de
teargassed~teargassed
subsidiser's~de pourvoyeur de subventions
coif~coiffe
chance~chance
relapse~rechute
invading~invasion
creosote~creosote
Aeroflot's~aeroflot de
incumbency's~de titularisation
irrepressibly~de façon irrépressible
highlander's~Années highlander
deliriousness's~deliriousness's
gradation~gradation
depressives~depressives
Philips~Philips
stalwartly~stalwartly
procurement~approvisionnement
scenario~scénario
minicab~minicab
duplicity~duplicity
Naipaul's~Naipaul de
laxly~laxly
delirium~delirium
decomposition~decomposition
solipsism~solipsisme
irascibility~irascibilité
scrumpy~scrumpy
faddy~faddy
racquetball~racquetball
manacling~manacling
shudder~frémir
sculptor~sculpteur
crackdown~crackdown
Host~Hôte
signposting~fléchage
seer~voyant
chuckhole's~chuckhole de
relaunches~relancements
southeasterly~sud
unfashionable~démodé
emirates~emirates
bituminous~bitumineux
acknowledgement's~de reconnaissance
dosimeter~dosimeter
encyclicals~encyclicals
Ashikaga's~Ashikaga de
Treasuries~Bons du Trésor
phenomenons~phénomènes
invisible~invisible
seashore~rivage
hashtags~hashtags
dune~dune
hornier~hornier
sundial~cadran solaire
dipterous~dipterous
rootlet's~Années radicelles
wrists~poignets
placement's~le placement de
seeker's~demandeur de
liberalness's~de liberalness
spellbinds~ensorcelle
qr~qr
skeleton~squelette
substrata~substratum
preteen~préadolescent
unilaterally~unilatéralement
tombs~tombes
callousing~callousing
quirky~excentrique
scarf~écharpe
Austrians~Autrichiens
hoses~tuyaux
slummy~slummy
armoury's~Manège militaire de
pun~calembour
checklists~listes de contrôle
Karl~Karl
barrelled~barreled
tosser~tosser
Franks~Franks
lemons~citrons
abstractness's~de l'abstraction
nonbasic~non-base
goober~goober
cajolery~cajolerie
ideologists~idéologues
pedestrian's~piétons
jetties~embarcadères
Andrei's~Andrei de
barista's~années barista
fragments~fragments
nibbles~amuse-gueules
denote~denote
Citibank's~Citibank
Romanov~Romanov
horsewhip~cravache
lacking~manquant
inquiring~curieux
consignor's~expéditeur de
Montana~Montana
outspoken~franc
arrogation~arrogation
abbreviates~abrège
loutish~grossier
Perl~Perl
neutrally~neutre
hatched~éclos
conducts~conduite
falsetto~falsetto
ind~Indiana
INRI~INRI
snafu's~Années Snafu
knockwurst's~Années Knockwurst
imperfection's~imperfection de
Canadian~canadien
eggplant~eggplant
exchanges~exchanges
restrict~restreindre
lad~garçon
globalist's~globalist's
abscess~abcès
Woolf's~Woolf
arguable~contestable
counterattacked~counterattacked
crankcase~crankcase
reappraisal~réévaluation
fores~fores
cookbook~cookbook
ilks~ilks
unadvisedly~inconsidérément
fingernail's~fingernail's
synagogue~synagogue
pudginess's~de pudginess
rearrangement~réarrangement
apologises~présente ses excuses
sneezes~éternue
effective~effective
predicable~prédicable
infirm~infirme
obituary's~de nécrologiques
lessening~diminution
breathiest~breathiest
cleverness's~de l'intelligence
strep~streptocoque
lingerers~lingerers
blows~coups
donnybrook~donnybrook
bishop~évêque
wrong~faux
exorcisms~exorcisms
suppertime~suppertime
bottoming~creux de la vague
piggy~porcin
Fitzpatrick's~Fitzpatrick
resized~redimensionnée
smooth~lisse
hundredth's~centième de
supplier's~Fournisseurs
reconcile~réconcilier
deductible's~deductible's
elope~elope
slipperiness's~glissance de
newborn~nouveau née
faring~faring
Parisian's~de Paris
Navarre's~Navarre de
Ulysses~Ulysse
afflatus~afflatus
whoopees~whoopees
hammerings~hammerings
infarct's~infarctus de
Jimmy~Jimmy
avocation~métier
bypath~bypath
fatigues's~fatigues's
tequila's~téquila de
film's~film's
interpolations~interpolations
Lego's~Lego
unaccented~sans accent
malfeasance~malversation
refuter's~de réfutateur
drear~drear
market~marché
jaundice's~jaunisse de
conferral~attribution
Lorenzo's~de Lorenzo
unaccepted~unaccepted
poleaxed~poleaxed
disputable~disputable
laps~tours
Swanson's~swanson de
Odis~Odis
boatswain~maître d'équipage
underexposure's~de sous-exposition
hippodrome~hippodrome
shackled~enchaîné
obsequiousness's~de obséquiosité
rise~augmenter
embodiment's~embodiment's
canoodle~canoodle
causality~causalité
Berkshires~Berkshires
parodists~parodistes
lira~lire
genuflected~genuflected
gonzo~gonzo
indelicate~indélicat
illuminate~éclairer
Frederick's~Frédéric
Kraft~Kraft
perverted~pervers
wolfish~vorace
loyalists~Loyalistes
decrease~decrease
appends~concatène
prehistoric~préhistorique
Deana's~Deana de
patchiness~microrépartition
downscale~downscale
profligate's~de prodigues
scintillated~scintillait
guardedly~guardedly
subcommittee~sous-comité
tearoom's~de salon de thé
adherent's~adhérent de
underact~réagir mollement
retard~retard
desolates~desolates
lades~lades
spiralling~spirale
cars~des voitures
dissimilarity~dissimilarity
Holcomb's~Holcomb de
figuration's~figuration's
overindulge~abuser
goddamn~goddamn
aglitter~rayonnement
Sirius~Sirius
insolence's~insolences de
squeals~cris aigus
affiliating~affiliant
abnegated~abdiqué
credulously~credulously
muggier~muggier
dejectedly~dejectedly
impressionability's~de impressionnable
viscerally~viscéralement
unsuccessfully~sans succès
castanet's~castagnettes
circumspection's~de prudence
bassist~bassiste
mishitting~mishitting
unfed~unfed
indivisible~indivisible
breathalysed~éthylotest
gravity~gravity
Clint's~Clint
transiency's~de transiency
eddies~eddies
Dunlap's~Dunlap de
bod~BOD
chummily~chummily
griddlecake~griddlecake
nonintervention's~de la non-intervention
textured~texturé
ladybird's~coccinelles de
clowned~le clown
duty's~duty's
compartments~compartiments
shewn~fait voir
barflies~barflies
disbarment~disbarment
superstars~superstars
light~lumière
Fortaleza~Fortaleza
signer~signeur
slighter~plus léger
uraemia's~Années urémie
inconsiderateness~étourderie
reiteration's~réitération de
flames~flames
Humboldt's~Humboldt
manege~école d'équitation
irrelevantly~irrelevantly
AL~AL
Iliads~Iliades
Peters's~Peters de
webcasting~webdiffusion
glutting~glutting
Carlyle~Carlyle
reinventions~réinventions
lander~atterrisseur
preserve~préserver
hazarding~hasarder
curve's~curve's
Avignon's~Avignon de
revertible~réversible
airmails~dépêchesavion
Pinatubo's~Pinatubo de
fomenting~fomenting
Misty's~Misty de
Ragnarok's~Ragnarok de
grievances~grievances
sponsors~sponsors
panacea's~panacée de
Thule~Thule
ecosystem~ecosystem
ferny~ferny
Recife's~Recife de
Livonia's~Livonia de
cloisters~cloîtres
orientations~orientations
misinterpret~mal interpréter
dizzily~dizzily
japan's~du japon
faille's~faille's
jinked~jinked
ploughshare~socs
livid~livide
grainiest~grainiest
deliciousness~deliciousness
combustion's~la combustion de
cripplers~cripplers
corsage~corsage
autonomy~autonomie
realistically~de façon réaliste
goggles~goggles
swizzled~swizzled
quested~Quested
guanine~guanine
reprobates~réprouvés
washable's~lavable de
tracery's~de tracery
anything~n'importe quoi
computerisation's~l'informatisation de
sponsor~parrainer
rosewater's~rosewater de
shroud~envelopper
circumnavigation's~circumnavigation de
putter's~putter de
gusting~gusting
implantable~implantable
wits's~Wits de
broadcaster~radiodiffuseur
screech~hurler
cottontail's~cottontail's
blinder's~Blinder de
Mirach's~Mirach de
alliterate~allitérer
dibs's~dibs's
unfit~inapte
enlistees~enlistees
inhabitable~inhabitables
baldness's~la calvitie de
jersey~Jersey
Oldsmobile~Oldsmobile
ructions~ructions
buskin~sandale grecque
matzo~azyme
cowbird's~cowbird's
spewer's~de Spewer
progenitor~ancêtre
moan's~moan de
fifties~fifties
Alembert's~Alembert
Changchun's~Changchun de
sponges~éponges
Lars~Lars
bedposts~bedposts
timelessly~intemporellement
tossup~lancer en l'air
Ebro's~Ebro de
foldout's~foldout's
fastbacks~fastbacks
notes~Remarques
caught~pris
amenability's~de amenability
suspended~suspendu
ovulates~ovulates
pedal's~pédale de
unappealing~peu attrayant
unearthliness~unearthliness
splashily~splashily
monkshood~aconit
betas~bêtas
nougat's~nougat de
wiener~wiener
BBSes~BBSs
abs's~abs de
buggies~buggies
magnetisation's~de magnétisation
Borgs~Borgs
fortunetelling~fortunetelling
hobbles~entraves
geysers~geysers
symphonies~symphonies
enteritis~enteritis
servomotor~servomoteur
Salerno~Salerno
demographically~demographically
Communists~communistes
prescribe~prescrire
Adolf's~Adolf de
margarine~margarine
digestive~digestive
hardship's~hardship's
whippings~flagellations
transgender~transgenres
androgen~androgène
stowage~arrimage
bk~bk
Martinique~Martinique
fliest~fliest
remonstrated~remontré
lowlanders~lowlanders
inoperable~inopérable
parodist's~de parodiste
Latonya's~Latonya de
bookmaking~bookmaking
cautioning~mettant en garde
calculate~calculer
intangibles~actifs incorporels
Malayalam's~malayalam de
mortising~mortaises
Plutarch~Plutarque
dossers~dossers
illegalities~illégalités
gaudier~gaudier
sympathetic~sympathique
Sheree~Sheree
jackal~chacal
whisky's~du whisky
Ital~Ital
components~Composants
roundelay~rondeau
NATO~OTAN
Aleppo~Alep
poinciana's~Poinciana de
butternuts~butternuts
mutterer~Mutterer
wintered~hiverné
silkworm's~ver à soie de
apologise~s'excuser
CinemaScope~Cinémascope
casework~Casework
cruising~cruising
imaginative~imaginatif
sloshes~clapote
combatants~combattants
Moscow~Moscou
alphabetised~par ordre alphabétique,
mayn't~mayn't
Julian's~Julian
uncritical~non critique
biennial's~tous les deux ans de
simulates~Simule
Darvon's~Darvon de
manufacture~fabrication
litigates~plaide
emo's~emo's
Mann's~Mann
androgynous~androgyne
thermometric~thermométrique
rhythm's~Le rythme de la
runway's~piste de
coercers~subjugueurs
hotpots~potées
reopened~rouverte
relativist~relativiste
dearths~dearths
Coronado's~Coronado de
howdah~howdah
cloches~cloches
joinery~menuiserie
Lawrence's~Lawrence
Bradford~Bradford
notebook's~des cahiers
franchised~franchised
photoelectric~photo-électrique
tram's~tram de
sereneness~sereneness
childproof~childproof
flagrancy~flagrancy
corporeality~corporeality
teasing~taquineries
CDC~CDC
classicists~classicistes
Tortuga's~Tortuga de
sartorially~sartorially
resat~Resat
adorer~adorateur
Angelina's~Angelina
reluctance's~de réticence
receipts~recettes
prostituting~prostituant
rebid~une nouvelle soumission
uncaps~UNCAPS
turban~turban
penetrating~pénétrant
longueur's~de longueur
encroaches~encroaches
obstetrical~obstétrical
HI~SALUT
crotches~crotches
tamarind's~Années tamarin
haemorrhages~haemorrhages
revivifying~revivifiant
rascals~gredins
enchilada~enchilada
weaker~plus faible
cocoas~cacaos
characterisation~caractérisation
valet's~valet de chambre
smuggling~contrebande
graves~graves
sextants~sextants
Patty's~Patty
scroll~rouleau
jaunty~désinvolte
millers~meuniers
mks~MKS
anchorperson's~Années anchorperson
unwillingly~contre son gré
unlucky~malchanceux
Grass~Herbe
bairn~enfant
Julianne's~Julianne
platforms~plates-formes
Solomon~Salomon
raggedly~raggedly
balaclavas~balaclavas
formalism~formalism
irrigation's~de l'irrigation
Copeland's~Copeland
spoons~cuillères
terahertz~térahertz
clubfooted~pied-bot
inspects~inspecte
inaccessibility~inaccessibilité
cunnilingus's~cunnilingus's
darnedest~darnedest
lubrication's~lubrification de
nightspot's~night-club de
Belgrade~Belgrade
bacchanalian~bachique
Monrovia~Monrovia
scowling~renfrogné
toke's~Toke de
outage~coupure de courant
pope~le pape
elan~elan
goalie's~goalie's
Gaea~Gaea
pivot~pivot
ominousness's~de ominousness
restaffing~restaffing
mechanise~mécaniser
Keynes~Keynes
vibes~ambiance
Stan's~Stan
obituaries~avis de décès
Knickerbocker~Knickerbocker
necklaced~supplice du collier
supervision~surveillance
disables~disables
finery's~finery's
breastfed~allaité
cooper~cooper
aquiline~aquilin
Reyna's~Reyna de
ester's~ester's
arbours~tonnelles
garment~garment
anachronisms~anachronismes
Camelopardalis~camelopardalis
malicious~mal intentionné
Vespasian~Vespasien
peeked~jeté un œil
smirk~petit sourire satisfait
roamed~parcouraient
affronted~affronted
sprayer~pulvérisateur
slatterns~souillons
finite~finite
recapitalised~recapitalisées
stripteaser~stripteaser
job's~emplois
omission~omission
catafalque's~de catafalque
beechnut's~beechnut de
runaways~fugueurs
monosyllable's~monosyllabe de
geekier~geekier
psychedelics~psychédélisme
homophobia's~de l'homophobie
Bacall's~Bacall de
USDA~USDA
Toulouse's~Toulouse de
sketchers~sketchers
toothier~toothier
myths~mythes
setbacks~revers
Roxie's~Roxie de
outsizes~grandes tailles
wheezier~wheezier
yeasts~levures
Murillo~Murillo
extorting~extorting
cavil's~argutie de
couriered~couriered
surrealist's~surréaliste de
subtraction~soustraction
mic~micro
vestryman's~membre du conseil paroissial de
momentary~momentané
kerb~freiner
Bartholdi~Bartholdi
pantsuit's~pantsuit de
Maoism~maoïsme
relics~reliques
gabfests~gabfests
atomise~atomiser
overbuys~overbuys
regimen's~années schéma thérapeutique
reduce~réduire
sculpture~sculpture
ass~cul
cancan's~Années cancan
substantiates~justifie
tootsies~petons
Egyptology~égyptologie
throughput~débit
conduit's~conduit de
Mg~mg
erasure's~erasure's
contumely~contumely
smite~châtier
disappointed~disappointed
Etruscan~étrusque
carpetbagger~profiteurs
whole~entier
Bhutto's~Bhutto
Rigel's~Rigel de
teaches~enseigne
taro's~taro de
magi's~Années magi
collaborationist~collaborationniste
mugs~tasses
snob~snob
synthesizer's~synthétiseur de
castled~roqué
repressiveness~repressiveness
sybarites~sybarites
fondest~fondest
unhorsed~désarçonné
alienating~aliénante
republication~republication
tinder's~amadou de
enormously~enormously
areas~zones
cohos~Cohos
mildly~doucement
terrain~terrain
Loewi~Loewi
dither~dither
trichinae~trichine
begum~bégum
Reebok~Reebok
chastisement's~de châtiment
Lipton~Lipton
directorship~directorship
starlit~étoilé
sac's~sac de
systemically~systémique
joyriders~joyriders
spate~série
marinading~marinage
solids~solides
bakery's~de boulangerie
parturition's~de la parturition
trenchers~trancheuses
nursers~biberons
pushily~pushily
obsolescent~obsolescent
sucked~aspiré
Astana's~Astana de
XML~XML
firewood's~firewood's
agnostic's~agnostique de
odiousness~caractère odieux
affirm~affirmer
swankiest~swankiest
introversion~introversion
Redeemer~Rédempteur
Apollo's~Apollon
ichthyology~ichtyologie
corridors~corridors
Chronicles~Chroniques
disfavours~disfavours
August~août
opportunistically~opportuniste
Jakarta's~Jakarta de
gutsier~gutsier
Alejandro's~Alejandro de
trove~trove
coalitionist~coalitionist
MasterCard's~de MasterCard
ya~ya
bread~pain
intransitively~intransitivement
tottered~chancelé
fusee~fusee
upbraids~reproche
lockout~fermeture
preconditioned~préconditionnés
tinkering~bricoler
hairsprays~hairsprays
Dusseldorf~Düsseldorf
Salish~Salish
choreographically~chorégraphiquement
spinneret's~lière de
steppingstone's~de steppingstone
capsized~chaviré
monophonic~monophonique
parishioners~paroissiens
curling~curling
glads~glads
Deere~Deere
envenoming~envenoming
makers~décideurs
contradistinctions~contradistinctions
nominating~nomination
Laura~Laura
Asiago~Asiago
weenie's~Années Weenie
fringe~fringe
Fugger~Fugger
cinched~sanglée
cockatrice's~de cockatrice
Isolde's~Isolde de
temblors~temblors
littoral's~littoral de
bromides~bromures
psychoanalysts~psychanalystes
Melisa~Melisa
maid~Femme de ménage
Ingres~Ingres
Byblos's~Byblos de
reacquire~réacquérir
expurgates~expurgates
cytoplasm's~cytoplasm's
restroom~salle de repos
tarmacked~goudronné
instincts~instincts
explorer~explorer
punster's~faiseur de calembours de
bobby's~Bobby
myrrh~myrrhe
Bradbury's~Bradbury
Honolulu~Honolulu
advisory's~conseil de
Flemish~flamand
seacoast~seacoast
Mutsuhito's~Mutsuhito de
furn~furn
interrupts~interruptions
stint~besogne assignée
Chihuahuas~Chihuahuas
polarising~polarisante
troupe's~troupe des années
rustics~manants
tricentennials~tricentennials
banquette~banquette
piddled~piddled
meteorologists~météorologues
companionship~camaraderie
ponces~Ponces
Aelfric~Aelfric
scions~scions
outgrew~devenu trop grand
javelin~javelot
Geiger's~Geiger
rectally~par voie rectale
coverlets~coverlets
irreverence~irrévérence
evicted~evicted
homework's~devoirs
who~qui
sultan~sultan
Spaniard's~Espagnol de
Jeremiahs~jérémiades
perjure~se parjurer
Selkirk~Selkirk
habitue's~habitue's
Sourceforge's~Sourceforge de
Cinderella's~Cendrillon
spittoon~crachoir
benders~benders
windscreens~pare-brises
Dempsey's~Dempsey
attributives~attributives
postmaster~maître de poste
ferns~ferns
phosphoric~phosphorique
Osborn~Osborn
primness~façon compassée
fibber's~fibber's
retorting~cornue
disputes~disputes
hydrocarbon~hydrocarbure
biorhythms~biorythmes
impurity's~impureté de
anodised~anodisé
bakers~boulangers
Orestes's~Années Oreste
fewer~fewer
Corning's~de Corning
S~S
educe~educe
telecasters~Telecaster
tastier~plus savoureux
Cline's~Cline de
guillotine~guillotine
beefing~bouchères
malware's~de logiciels malveillants
tunnel's~tunnel de
transpacific~transpacifique
abuser~agresseur
hampers~hampers
clayiest~clayiest
scandals~scandales
disharmony~disharmony
flashbacks~flashbacks
ember's~ember's
attainability's~de attainability
tomtits~mésanges
committer~committers
harvester's~Arracheuse de
longitudes~longitudes
misfiling~erreurs de classement
tribunes~tribuns
frizzling~frizzling
tunnellers~tunneliers
Scotsman~Scotsman
showstopper~Showstopper
amanuensis's~Années Amanuensis
Dinah's~Dinah
Sumatrans~Sumatrans
depilatory~depilatory
wiggly~wiggly
modem's~modem de
defection's~defection's
bathwater~bathwater
Gupta's~Gupta
corundum's~corundum's
DMD~DMD
streaked~zébré
suburbans~Suburbans
dullness's~dullness's
prickling~picotement
coils~bobines
grouse's~grouse's
specials~promos
sanest~plus saine
middlebrows~middlebrows
crufts~crufts
charismatics~charismatiques
similar~similaire
indeterminacy's~indétermination de
aphorism's~aphorisme de
Coulter's~Coulter
buffaloed~buffaloed
quizzes~quiz
fortnight's~fortnight's
fulsomely~fulsomely
adsorptions~adsorptions
subgroups~sous-groupes
madly~follement
comedy's~comédie de
unwarranted~injustifié
wellies~wellies
Cork~Liège
southwest's~sud-ouest de
yeah's~ouais de
trustworthiness's~la fiabilité de
lipsticks~rouges à lèvres
mouthwatering~l'eau à la bouche
chancery~cour de la chancellerie
MRI's~IRM
hoicks~hoicks
lamed~estropiée
Potts~Potts
wakened~éveillé
agglomeration~une agglomération
HT~HT
leafleting~tractage
resettled~réinstallées
chancery's~Chancery de
schnauzer~schnauzer
relies~repose
Marmara~Marmara
embroiderers~embroiderers
amateur's~amateur de
launchpad's~launchpad de
naively~naïvement
capsules~capsules
foaled~foaled
pulsated~palpité
Thrace~Thrace
tottering~chancelant
blazing~brûlant
guilders~guilders
content~content
candle~bougie
lichen's~Années lichens
capitation's~de capitation
soundbars~soundbars
reediness~reediness
adroit~adroit
biddies~biddies
reflexive~réfléchi
collagen~collagène
Ulster's~Ulster de
haggish~haggish
Bruce~Bruce
Highlanders~Highlanders
enciphering~enciphering
Epicurean's~Années épicuriens
bossism~bossism
statements~déclarations
doughnuts~doughnuts
umbras~umbras
kinks~Kinks
canvass's~CANVASS de
Corinth~Corinthe
deathlike~deathlike
normative~normatif
endanger~endanger
concordat~concordat
bootstraps~bootstraps
pilothouse's~de pilothouse
practicable~praticable
to~à
fratricidal~fratricidal
nonhereditary~non héréditaire
only~seulement
broiler~gril
July~juillet
Torquemada~Torquemada
stampedes~ruées
spree~fête
Val~Val
fluctuated~fluctuated
thrummed~vibrait
disunites~disunites
embroidery's~embroidery's
UCLA's~UCLA
rebelliously~rebelliously
unction's~de onction
antagonistic~antagoniste
florin's~florin's
oddball~excentrique
passion~la passion
circa~environ
bigoted~fanatique
taros~taros
sax's~sax de
Seoul's~Séoul de
brutes~brutes
delivery's~delivery's
Cinderellas~Cinderellas
tetchily~tetchily
epicures~epicures
Cadiz~Cadix
smudging~maculage
liberation's~la libération de
havoc~ravage
desiccates~desiccates
beanfeast~fête de blé
boondoggle's~cafouillis de
Min's~Min de
Oshawa's~Oshawa de
faithfulness's~faithfulness's
industrialising~industrialisant
naifs~naifs
laywoman~femme laïque
hardier~hardier
doorstop~doorstop
obstructively~fâcheusement
timeline~chronologie
splatters~splatters
leafier~feuillues
plagiariser~plagiariser
Caliban's~Caliban de
gillie~gillie
Fred~Fred
expressible~expressible
simulacrum~simulacrum
possessiveness's~de possessivité
interbreed~croiser
drabber~drabber
Eduardo~Eduardo
tamer's~dompteur de
Fields~Des champs
droppings's~droppings's
land's~terres
platypus~ornithorynque
Pilcomayo's~Pilcomayo de
Lanka~Lanka
loosen~desserrer
stupidly~stupidement
fluoride's~fluoride's
purloined~purloined
smarting~picotement
decathlon~decathlon
Talbot's~Talbot
runabouts~runabouts
predated~antidaté
adjunct~auxiliaire
pause~pause
tumbleweed~Tumbleweed
sawbuck~sawbuck
timid~timide
dollar~dollar
semipros~semipros
Torvalds's~Torvalds de
TGIF~TGIF
prognosticating~pronostiquer
spoonful's~de cuillérée
preternatural~surnaturel
divulging~divulging
JavaScript~JavaScript
flammability's~flammability's
USB~USB
reposing~Reposant
calculatingly~par calcul
Goldilocks~boucle d'or
straitjacket's~de camisole de force
hi~salut
neutrino's~neutrino de
substratum's~substrat de
chase~chasse
Clem~Clem
sputniks~spoutniks
Jeannette~Jeannette
analogises~analogises
reinvention's~réinvention de
Rubinstein~Rubinstein
agglomerate's~agglomérat de
sunk~coulé
incumbent~titulaire
hoopla~tralala
flagrance's~flagrance's
sardonic~sardonique
bomb~bombe
libertine's~libertins de
fireplace's~fireplace's
USMC~USMC
senna~senna
Cambodia's~CAMBODGE
Mogul~Magnat
orison's~oraison de
neutralised~neutralisé
menacing~menaçant
elbow~elbow
resown~réensemencer
Suarez's~Suarez de
stepsisters~demi-sœurs
imploding~implosion
consolation's~consolation de
dissembler~dissembler
naturalists~naturalistes
efficacious~efficacious
absents~absents
Ashkhabad~Achkhabad
excluding~excluding
aback~interloqué
granddads~granddads
impoverished~appauvri
brisking~brisking
insistent~insistant
dragnets~dragnets
reembark~rembarquer
irritability's~l'irritabilité de
flee~flee
add~ajouter
insurmountably~insurmontablement
planetariums~planétariums
calculable~calculable
restyled~restylé
portliness's~de portliness
exploitation's~exploitation's
diverts~diverts
unsociable~insociable
Melanesian~mélanésien
hepper~hepper
Pisa's~Pise de
converters~converters
undo~annuler
pealed~abrogé
bundled~groupé
dadaist~dadaist
clansmen~clansmen
disavowed~disavowed
Melba~Melba
plutocracies~ploutocraties
inelastic~inélastique
rebuttals~réfutations
Harrington~Harrington
refractory~réfractaire
firemen~firemen
transactor's~de transactor
domes~domes
snarf~snarf
shared~partagé
supper's~souper de
aerodynamics's~L'aérodynamique de
usury~usure
Orville's~Orville de
peril's~risques et périls de
time's~fois
jelly's~gelée de
dials~dials
seasides~seasides
foodies~foodies
monism~monisme
streptococcal~streptococcique
plunking~plunking
serenades~sérénades
sanitised~aseptisé
rebellions~rébellions
oilcans~burettes
symptom's~symptômes
jest's~plaisanterie de
reprehension's~de répréhension
Frostbelt~Frost Belt
misogamy~misogamie
Willemstad's~Willemstad de
mispronouncing~écorchant
refresher's~de recyclage
confederacy's~de Confederacy
grudging~grudging
puncturing~poinçonnement
submission~soumission
reoccupies~réoccupe
groundhogs~groundhogs
beans~des haricots
jellyrolls~Jellyrolls
manhandling~malmenant
Charmin's~Charmin de
Jeffersonian~jeffersonian
implantation~implantation
locomotive's~locomotive de
specialise~spécialiser
pivoting~pivotement
adroitly~adroitement
practice's~les pratiques
captaincy~grade de capitaine
foolishness~foolishness
badminton's~badminton de
discernment~discernment
chastise~punir
wallabies~wallabies
bane's~fléau
radicalises~radicalise
mouldering~vermoulu
horsewhip's~cravache de
headlights~phares
Hobbs~Hobbs
Jensen's~Jensen
birthrate~taux de natalité
preservation~préservation
weddings~mariages
millilitre's~ml de
Evans's~Evans
lattice~treillis
obtained~obtenu
NCAA's~NCAA
sweatpants's~pantalons de survêtement de
relevantly~pertinemment
whiffletrees~whiffletrees
Ce's~ÉA
your~votre
dauber~dauber
Gulliver~Gulliver
immaturity~immaturité
chattel~biens meubles
diarist~diarist
Briticisms~Briticisms
bookie~bookmaker
Nell's~Nell
thriftily~parcimonieuse
Mayans~Mayans
Gallicism's~Gallicisme de
addend~cumulateur
colourising~colourising
bloodline~lignée
pokers~pokers
sludgy~boueux
topnotch~excellent
Cameroonians~Camerounais
obstetrics's~obstétrique de
promotional~promotion
retardation~retardement
denudation~denudation
soughs~soughs
type~type
Mombasa~Mombasa
sprats~sprats
Crabbe's~Crabbe de
aspirating~aspiration
speared~harponné
foolhardily~foolhardily
Minoans~Minoens
rogue's~Voleur de
yaw's~pian
bodices~corsages
crackled~crackled
gamecocks~gamecocks
gladness~gladness
Vicksburg's~Vicksburg de
awfulness~awfulness
enamouring~enamouring
phobic~phobique
captivity's~captivité de
talks~pourparlers
salespeople~vendeurs
Gaziantep~gaziantep
berks~Berks
bespeaking~bespeaking
PPS~PPS
inhumanely~inhumainement
Dunne~Dunne
brook's~ruisseau
dinnering~dinnering
caramel~caramel
Iberia's~la compagnie Iberia
economises~economises
zigzagged~zigzagué
Bethlehem's~Bethléem de
neutralises~Neutralise
spillage~déversement
hallucination~hallucination
unaffectedly~simplement
nonfiction~non-fiction
outed~démasqué
eyepiece~eyepiece
beastlier~beastlier
Shenyang's~Shenyang de
command~commander
boundlessness~infinitude
Bloemfontein's~Bloemfontein de
lectureship~poste d'assistant
terrible~terrible
analysing~en cours d'analyse
underfur's~underfur de
stiff~rigide
inadvisability~inopportunité
individuated~individué
hated~détesté
Clyde's~Clyde
cachepots~cachepots
pornographer~pornographe
stalactites~stalactites
ammunition's~de munitions
smear~frottis
darkroom~darkroom
moonwalk's~Années moonwalk
trainer's~formateurs
suction's~aspiration de
nutria~ragondin
Bayes's~Bayes de
shoddy~de mauvaise qualité
leas~leas
flatlet~flatlet
environs~environs
quarterback~stratège
sloop~sloop
placenta~placenta
schedules~des horaires
tollgate's~barrières de péage
wuss~mauviette
Kyushu~Kyushu
pollutant~polluant
Kiribati~Kiribati
headfirst~la tête la première
preservative~conservateur
opportunities~opportunités
portraits~portraits
America~Amérique
deficit's~deficit's
blue~bleu
charitableness~charitableness
fusibility's~fusibility's
whiffs~whiffs
Reilly's~Reilly
pitch~pas
Fibonacci's~fibonacci de
Manilla's~manille de
overs~overs
Lascaux~Lascaux
Reggie~Reggie
OTOH~OTOH
hefted~soupesées
Ashikaga~Ashikaga
combustibility~combustibilité
Sevastopol~Sébastopol
flashbulb~flashbulb
flotation~flotation
parted~parted
giro~giro
roadkill's~Années Roadkill
universe's~univers de
surprise~surprise
steering~pilotage
bouffant's~bouffant de
caveats~mises en garde
nobleness's~de magnanimité
cooked~cooked
overestimate~surestimer
incentive's~des incitations
retries~retries
Monday's~lundis
Helios's~Helios de
Hamsun's~Hamsun de
potassium~potassium
Adrenalin~Adrénaline
amputation~amputation
Bunuel~Bunuel
vulgariser~vulgarisateur
incrementally~progressivement
commentaries~commentaires
wager~pari
deathwatches~deathwatches
holdup's~mains en l'air
gonk~gonk
Weyden's~Weyden
Roentgen~Roentgen
wicket~guichet
absurdists~absurdists
cranked~cranked
stipulations~stipulations
equivocator's~equivocator's
next~prochain
Leviathan~Léviathan
inverted~inverti
brae's~Brae de
semiquaver~double croche
Avery's~Avery
forepart's~forepart's
joggle's~joggle de
spiciest~plus épicé
anchovy~anchois
Rayleigh~rayleigh
unexpectedly~à l'improviste
delinquency~delinquency
Truth's~La vérité de
straightaway~tout de suite
waviness~ondulation
blending~mélange
within~dans
discountenanced~discountenanced
undesired~indésirable
sentence~phrase
misery~misère
veracity~véracité
watercolour's~Aquarelle
spavin~éparvin
cackles~caquette
Meredith~Meredith
racemes~racemes
kinfolks~kinfolks
Sinbad~Sinbad
pretending~prétendre
countermeasure~countermeasure
Oersted~Oersted
cite's~citer de
barman's~barman de
difficulty's~difficulty's
fender~fender
legendarily~legendarily
Sims~Sims
laudable~louable
decomposed~decomposed
minesweepers~dragueurs
Mesozoic's~Mésozoïque de
toerags~toerags
punnets~barquettes
outfaces~outfaces
milts~Milts
coachmen~cochers
glee's~glee's
Garcia~Garcia
overload~surcharge
orphaned~orphelin
bivouacs~bivouacs
stumpy~courtaud
magnets~aimants
brig~brick
birdlime~glu
administering~administration
environment's~environment's
interrogations~interrogatoires
hummock's~buttes de
clouting~Clouting
secularist's~de sécularistes
balefulness's~balefulness de
grandniece's~grandniece's
sandbox's~bac à sable de
patriot's~patriote de
Agra~Agra
Catalan's~Catalan de
superhighway~superautoroute
bringing~apportant
reassembles~réassemble
Sid's~Sid
procurator's~du procurateur
Velez~Velez
gleaming~gleaming
ambassadress~ambassadrice
Massachusetts~Massachusetts
authoritarian~autoritaire
MPEG~MPEG
pistachio~pistache
milkshake~Milk-shake
bothered~pris la peine
tetchiest~tetchiest
scrip's~scrip de
bowlers~quilleurs
saltiest~plus salée
convulsing~convulsing
Gaines~Gaines
Jeffrey's~Jeffrey
SVN's~SVN de
western's~les westerns
courgette~courgette
meekest~plus humble
carcinogenics~cancérigènes
overview~vue d'ensemble
riff~riff
shuffleboard~jeu de palet
Schroeder's~Schroeder
quaysides~quais
tridents~tridents
paraquat~paraquat
subsystems~sous-systèmes
LG's~LG
allergically~par allergie
crud's~crud's
vixenishly~vixenishly
moles~moles
unimaginably~unimaginably
familiarity~familiarity
fattens~fattens
ellipsoidal~ellipsoidal
ecclesiastical~ecclesiastical
battle's~bataille de
mistaking~se méprendre sur
Airedales~airedales
Pontianak~Pontianak
fabricator's~fabricator's
forgery~forgery
porpoising~marsouinage
supernumeraries~surnuméraire
unthinkably~impensablement
Freud~Freud
radioman's~de Radioman
grackle~grackle
Japan's~du Japon
montage's~montage de
ECG~ECG
hairgrip~hairgrip
ancestress's~Années aïeule
marginalised~marginalisés
romantics~romantiques
Gaiman's~Gaiman de
blackened~noirci
gable~gable
productiveness's~de productiveness
cooperatively~cooperatively
residency~résidence
dander~dander
compositing~compositing
pigtail's~pigtail de
clamouring~réclament
barque's~Barque de
drugstore~drugstore
rediscovery~redécouverte
obsess~obséder
saddles~selles
verbal's~verbal de
grilling~grilling
Concord's~Concord de
ceder~ceder
spivs~Spivs
Ray's~Des rayons
formaldehyde's~formaldehyde's
aureole's~aureole de
constant~constante
Gloria's~Gloria
glossy's~glossy's
purples~purples
professor's~les professeurs
jolting~cahotant
annihilator's~de Annihilator
Waldensian~vaudoises
midtown's~centre de
freestanding~freestanding
steamiest~steamiest
sharping~sharping
imperatively~impérieusement
abducts~enlève
succincter~succincter
Oct's~octobre de
horizon's~horizon de
puppy~chiot
Sonora's~Sonora de
respraying~nouvelle peinture
granny's~granny's
exited~exited
prominent~important
Briton~Britannique
restorative~reconstituant
longhorn's~longhorn de
bloodthirstiest~bloodthirstiest
jerking~saccades
sarcastically~sarcastiquement
poacher~braconnier
chine's~bouchain de
Cyclops~cyclope
shebeens~shebeens
Jesse~Jesse
Ted~Ted
Jasmine's~Jasmine
Urumqi~Urumqi
radish~un radis
oversells~oversells
substituting~substitution
prospectively~prospective
roan's~Roan de
discography's~discography's
goddamned~goddamned
aneurysms~anévrismes
childbirth's~de l'accouchement
EDP~EDP
semis~demi-finales
synagogal~synagogal
smacking~fessée
shellacking's~shellacking de
Raymond~Raymond
solemnifying~solemnifying
mess's~mess
saunaed~saunaed
coattail~coattail
lard's~le lard de
copulas~copulas
Utopian's~utopique de
protoplasm~protoplasme
Bearnaise~béarnaise
RCMP~GRC
crusaded~crusaded
antihero~Anti Hero
powered~alimenté
ambivalently~ambivalents
Rubbermaid's~Rubbermaid de
receptions~réceptions
houseproud~fierté domestique
philandering's~coureur de jupons de
Virgo~Vierge
Oklahoma's~l'Oklahoma
baser~Baser
tricentennial's~tricentenaire de
suntrap~suntrap
icky~Icky
heartily~chaleureusement
McQueen's~McQueen
emplacements~emplacements
SJ~SJ
unofficially~officieusement
scat~scat
bombastic~grandiloquent
Eyck's~Eyck
Bahamas~Bahamas
oarswomen~rameuses
eliminating~eliminating
tub's~baignoire de
Whirlpool~Tourbillon
tighten~serrer
letterbombs~lettres piégées
sties~porcheries
Lucas's~Lucas de
depleting~depleting
overtook~dépassé
pianoforte's~pianoforte de
milkweeds~asclépiades
multigrain~multigrains
committee~Comité
Accra's~Accra de
oaths~serments
mitotic~mitotique
herbivore's~herbivore de
simpleton's~benêt de
corning~corning
reverberates~réverbère
uncaring~uncaring
studliest~studliest
isotopes~isotopes
masterclass~cours de maître
necropolis's~nécropole de
overdue~en retard
swearers~jureurs
flashlights~flashlights
spousal's~conjoint de
crucifies~crucifies
decapitators~decapitators
ADM~ADM
Lenny~Lenny
Bayer's~Bayer
defensiveness's~defensiveness's
microbreweries~microbrasseries
superstitions~superstitions
debacle~debacle
toughens~renforce les dispositions
handstand's~handstand's
schmoes~schmoes
dear's~dear's
Rizal's~Rizal de
spill~répandre
pioneering~novateur
toasting~grillage
Rios's~Années Rios
plasterers~plâtriers
Connolly's~Connolly
suffocates~suffoque
hackle's~hackle's
bushwhacked~Bushwhacked
showman~forain
cod~la morue
felt~felt
positively~positivement
abhorring~abhorrant
run's~Courons
material~Matériel
night~nuit
cabochons~cabochons
secessionist~sécessionniste
backbone's~épine dorsale de
unnaturalness~unnaturalness
they'll~ils vont
Crater's~cratère de
mortarboard's~Toque de
strums~strums
rottenest~pourrie
Bacchanalia~bacchanales
occupationally~professionnellement
mesquite~mesquite
drollery's~drollery's
Donner's~Donner de
gleefulness's~gleefulness's
crankcases~crankcases
songfest~festival de chanson
laundrymen~blanchisseurs
rec~rec
resewed~resewed
Elastoplast~Elastoplast
screwworm's~screwworm de
Kohl~Khôl
freebies~freebies
Olympiad's~Olympiade des
sorrel's~oseille de
visioning~visioning
crossroad's~crossroad's
Srinagar~Srinagar
soaping~savonnage
Sharif~Sharif
Alhena~Alhena
retreaded~rechapés
jives~jives
pressies~pressies
nuke~nuke
Cancer~Cancer
godsons~godsons
cairn~cairn
assailants~assaillants
Jerrold's~Jerrold de
monopoliser~monopoliser
impinging~empiétant
Caliban~Caliban
adversities~adversités
novel~roman
unfathomably~unfathomably
Zoloft's~Zoloft de
mouthed~embouché
praetorian~prétorien
refocuses~recentrera
Spam~Spam
boneshakers~Boneshakers
disquiets~disquiets
destroyer~destroyer
kibitzer's~kibitzer de
caste's~caste de
Housman~Housman
bristle's~poils de
slobbered~bavait
almanac~almanach
misplacement's~égarée de
Sam's~Sam
Dardanelles~Dardanelles
Mycenae's~Mycènes de
Don~Don
eggcup~eggcup
washstands~lave-mains
optimally~de façon optimale
Anacreon's~Anacréon de
meek~doux
necessarily~nécessairement
mummies~momies
reconquest~reconquête
flap's~flap's
Loyd~Loyd
reconsigns~reconsigns
slumping~affaissement
Scheat~Scheat
Levant's~Levant de
Allie's~Allie de
Casablanca~Casablanca
kindnesses~gentillesses
overextend~pousser trop loin
suite~suite
cheapness's~de bas prix
coolie's~coolie's
tracings~tracés
ladling~puisage
curt~curt
sharers~partageurs
Yangon~Yangon
cirrus~cirrus
disadvantage's~disadvantage's
sidestepping~esquive
Cumberland~Cumberland
charms~attraits
clergyman's~ecclésiastique de
rarity's~rareté de
hoary~chenu
goalmouths~goalmouths
scrimps~scrimps
Hillary's~Hillary
Wed's~Mer de
heartbeat~battement de coeur
borax's~borax de
czarinas~czarinas
bode~présager
deadened~deadened
froufrou's~froufrou's
wretchedly~misérablement
refract~réfracter
noncontroversial~non controversée
learner's~aPPRENANT
originated~origine
dream~dream
gauchely~gauchely
swatter~tapette
emulates~emulates
Pooh~Caca
riskiest~la plus risquée
Campinas's~Campinas de
unawares~au dépourvu
leftmost~plus à gauche
pagan's~païenne de
openness's~de l'ouverture
cocksuckers~enculés
seismologist~sismologue
impermeable~imperméable
transfiguration~transfiguration
logging's~de l'exploitation forestière
yew~bois d'if
characteristics~caractéristiques
bruiser~cogneur
supermom~super maman
apparitions~apparitions
underflow~underflow
contemptible~contemptible
lucubration~travail laborieux
frigidness~frigidness
misogamist~misogamist
indecisiveness's~de irrésolution
retired~retraité
unprintable~impubliable
horsetail's~prêle de
actor~acteur
palatial~grandiose
caplets~caplets
Blondie~Blondie
foresight's~foresight's
arming~armement
trips~voyages
desensitise~desensitise
footballing~footballing
bulged~renflée
bacillus's~de bacillus
bobwhite~colin
wiseguy~wiseguy
judicatory's~de judicatoire
Caruso's~Caruso
loaner~loaner
borzoi~Barzoï
commutators~commutateurs
bindery~atelier de reliure
abrasions~abrasions
Roth~Roth
gyrating~gyrating
subjunctives~subjonctif
duchesses~duchesses
organisms~organismes
exist~exist
deters~deters
succoured~secourut
leafstalk~pétiole
beech's~hêtre de
Indy's~Indy
algebraically~algébriquement
cleave~fendre
microscopy's~microscopie de
Sonora~Sonora
ruminants~ruminants
predator's~prédateur de
diagnosis's~diagnosis's
reveller~fêtard
hellfire~hellfire
ricocheting~ricochets
Urban~Urbain
distinction~distinction
uttermost's~uttermost de
junkier~junkier
sceptic's~de sceptique
boozing~boire de l'alcool
convulsive~convulsive
dais~dais
startlingly~startlingly
diuretic's~diuretic's
horseshoe~fer à cheval
famed~famed
sealskin's~Années peau de phoque
kilo~kilo
crenellating~crenellating
cholesterol~cholestérol
splash~éclaboussure
tumbling's~tumbling
toasted~grillé
scorchers~écorcheurs
piano's~pour piano
Bloch's~Bloch
salesclerks~employés de commerce
distemper's~distemper's
soporific's~de soporifiques
Spaatz's~Spaatz de
broads~broads
whippet~whippet
reattaining~reattaining
orbiter~orbiteur
snuffle's~Années renifler
xxiii~xxiii
amateurishness's~de dilettantisme
festooning~festooning
longueurs~longueurs
Sasquatch~Sasquatch
floodgate's~floodgate's
aquanaut's~aquanaut de
govt~govt
landau's~landau de
cashbooks~livres de comptes
extraditions~extraditions
expansionism~expansionism
twit~crétin
procession's~procession de
Gallicisms~anglicismes
admits~admet
encrustations~encrustations
Ignacio's~Ignacio de
proprietorially~proprietorially
bumpiness's~bosselage de
unseeing~sans le voir
expressionless~expressionless
Congreve~Congrève
DuPont's~de DuPont
nobility's~noblesse de
alligator~alligator
buttonwoods~Buttonwoods
authored~Authored
stalemate~impasse
hedonism~hédonisme
ironically~ironie du sort
gape's~gape's
dweeb's~dweeb's
Creator~Créateur
provolone's~provolone de
stayers~stayers
tillage~labour
sentient~sensible
chute~chute
crenellations~crenellations
shank~jarret
O'Higgins~O'Higgins
bridling~bridage
resettle~rétablir
crewman's~crewman's
neuritics~neuritics
tremulously~tremblotant
goriness~goriness
waver's~vaciller de
snag~accroc
asthmatically~asthmatique
artefact~artefact
armbands~brassards
rewriting~réécriture
Croatian~croate
caterpillars~les chenilles
Angelique's~Angélique de
anneals~recuits
phished~escroquées
reappear~réapparaître
tunas~thons
kaleidoscope~kaléidoscope
hexagrams~hexagrammes
PBS~PBS
nephews~neveux
Theron's~Theron de
dermis's~dermis's
Lindsey's~Lindsey
poise's~l'équilibre de
dustpan~dustpan
tum~tum
glacier's~glacier's
schedulers~ordonnanceurs
capitation~capitation
pin's~broches de
distinctions~distinctions
Siamese's~Années siamois
frost~frost
waiting's~attend
malpractice's~faute de
term's~termes
CAI~CAI
reinforced~renforcée
sappiest~sappiest
hoedowns~hoedowns
grime's~grime's
roadside's~route de
fumblingly~fumblingly
reediest~reediest
exercisers~exercisers
bigamists~bigames
fornicates~fornicates
ingenuity~ingéniosité
felicity's~felicity's
bushmen~Bushmen
Elsa's~Elsa de
glancing~glancing
Cyrus's~Cyrus de
exhibitionist~exhibitionist
ailments~maux
fringes~fringes
baseboard~plinthe
wormed~vermifugés
Dada~Dada
bully~brute
retreating~retraite
antiserum's~antisérum de
ripoff~vol
servile~servile
mariner's~marinier de
stoned~lapidé
Guy~Gars
heartburn~brûlures d'estomac
dinned~dinned
Okayama~Okayama
sobriety~sobriété
unsalable~invendables
tabloids~tabloids
sober~sobre
charlatanism's~de charlatanisme
Scribner's~Scribner
Malawi's~Malawi de
Degas~Dégazer
decadency's~decadency's
feel's~feel's
Tanzanian's~tanzanien de
crispbreads~crispbreads
kapok~kapok
field~field
returner~retourneur
Cronkite's~Cronkite de
McLuhan's~McLuhan
SALT's~Sels
heartiness's~de jovialité
princesses~les princesses
Brittanies~Bretagnes
demographic~demographic
fontanelle's~fontanelle's
voltage~Tension
subteen~subteen
piquancy's~de piquant
carveries~Rôtisserie
Confederacy~Confédération
ilk's~de même acabit
mandibles~mandibules
Saddam~Saddam
scenery~paysage
reeving~mouflage
lacuna's~Années Lacuna
modernness's~de modernité
mistrusted~méfié
wacky~farfelu
phlox~phlox
winemaker's~vigneron de
sauropod's~sauropode de
bobbins~bobines
Taine's~Taine
lionised~lionised
disrepair's~disrepair's
sprained~foulé
cicada~cigale
begotten~engendré
ethnocentric~ethnocentric
defoliation's~defoliation's
Haitian's~de Haïti
FBI's~FBI
mannequins~mannequins
panoramic~panoramique
Jeanette~Jeanette
roper~roper
Chandra~Chandra
kinship's~de la parenté
truckling~truckling
voile's~de voile
miscible~miscible
Emile's~d'Emile
chronologists~chronologists
Eleanor~Eleanor
funnies~funnies
Navy~Marine
carpooling~faire du covoiturage
authoritarianism's~de l'autoritarisme
mediocrities~médiocrités
arthroscope~arthroscope
sienna's~sienna de
setscrews~vis de fixation
chartreuse~chartreuse
envelop~envelop
vac~vac
jaws~mâchoires
vichyssoise's~Années vichyssoise
sketchiest~sketchiest
roommates~colocataires
revetment's~de revêtement
informs~informe
backseat's~banquette arrière de
repopulating~repopulation
loathes~exècre
cutaways~cutaways
adherence~adhérence
moneylender~prêteur
polemicists~polémistes
diver's~diver's
Nazi's~nazis
undisturbed~paisible
misgiving's~Années misgiving
legmen~legmen
Snell's~Snell
karat's~karat de
clout~influence
perverseness's~années d'injustice
defined~defined
Erika~Erika
cosine~cosine
passer~passer
garbed~garbed
consumptive's~consumptive's
carousals~carrousels
valencies~valences
spinster~vieille fille
muttering~murmurant
draped~draped
Grumman's~Grumman
puree~purée
Coltrane's~Coltrane
kl~kl
jacarandas~jacarandas
ketchup~ketchup
stone's~des pierres
obj~obj
roped~cordée
Evert~éventrer
premiums~primes
XXL~XXL
salvation's~son salut
Leon's~Léon
haws~haws
blubbers~blubbers
copper's~copper's
Lichtenstein~Lichtenstein
covet~covet
machinist's~machiniste de
Janette's~Janette de
alien~extraterrestre
insetting~encartage
Pennsylvanian's~Années Pennsylvanian
telekinetic~télékinésie
Collins~Collins
battleground's~champ de bataille de
mobility~mobilité
glove's~glove's
teacups~teacups
automate~automatiser
anointment's~onction de
bankrupts~faillis
anxious~anxieux
cobwebs~toiles d'araignée
sacraments~sacrements
Tristan's~Tristan de
militarism's~le militarisme de
constructive~constructif
rough's~est dur
privatest~PrivaTest
squeezebox~Squeezebox
infers~infère
purdah~purdah
Casandra's~Casandra de
undefined~indéfini
worsting~worsting
pallor's~pâleur de
wiry~nerveux
sharped~sharped
euclidean~euclidean
illegible~illisible
enervates~enervates
grahams~grahams
bagel's~bagel de
blowholes~blowholes
retention's~la rétention de
masturbated~masturbé
Asiatics~Asiates
aerospace's~aérospatiale
curability's~curability's
undershirts~camisoles
squiggly~squiggly
do's~do's
largo~largo
arrears~arrérages
inflatable~gonflable
elitist's~elitist's
whiffing~whiffing
caffs~caffs
hots's~de hots
entomological~entomological
pediatrics's~Années Pediatrics
fungible's~fungible's
compoundable~compoundable
Assyria~Assyrie
conjoiners~conjoiners
cute~cute
Willa's~Willa de
fracks~fracks
vines~vignes
Hargreaves~Hargreaves
slightest~moindre
refined~raffiné
slurp's~slurp de
imprimatur~imprimatur
fecundation's~fecundation's
font's~font's
mispronounced~mal prononcé
simpleness~niaiserie
childbearing's~avoir des enfants de
adjourned~ajournée
scrawniness's~maigreur de
bonfire~feu
volatility~volatilité
Lady's~GOSPA
Small's~petit de
onionskin's~pelure de
capitalised~capitalisés
yarn's~fils de
garroted~garroted
chummy~sociable
nonnative's~de non indigènes
canalising~canalisant
wells~puits
abutment's~butée de
paraffin~paraffine
demoralisation~demoralisation
fatuous~fatuous
disingenuously~disingenuously
christen~baptiser
hairsbreadth's~hairsbreadth's
postcard's~cartes postales
genocide~genocide
lioness's~lionne de
uncounted~innombrable
postmark~cachet de la poste
Rachmaninoff's~Rachmaninoff de
constitute~constituer
chunter~chunter
antibiotics~antibiotiques
benefaction~bienfait
coneys~Coneys
gamy~gamy
oversubtle~oversubtle
Judases~judas
Tennessee~Tennessee
lambaste~rosser
tribalism~tribalisme
eclipse's~eclipse's
jettison~abandonner
imminence~imminence
gem~gem
tractor~tracteur
rehangs~rehangs
handmaiden~handmaiden
quagmire's~de bourbier
shirt~chemise
retrogression's~de rétrogression
dyslectic's~dyslectic's
plotted~tracée
encamped~encamped
valuing~valorisation
disturb~disturb
eyewitness~eyewitness
circumlocutions~circonlocutions
lanai's~lanai
Sylvester~Sylvester
chameleons~caméléons
imprecision's~de l'imprécision
smoothing~lissage
loner's~de loner
lobotomises~lobotomises
Europe's~europe
traceries~traceries
firelight's~firelight's
stimulation's~la stimulation de
Criollo~Criollo
flatcar~flatcar
roughhousing~roughhousing
StairMaster's~StairMaster de
truckled~truckled
dovetails~dovetails
contemporaneous~contemporaneous
holistically~de manière globale
Nieves~nieves
telephoner~telephoner
regularly~régulièrement
improve~améliorer
cappuccino's~cappuccino
fussed~fussed
gnarlier~gnarlier
hardscrabble~hardscrabble
wellheads~têtes de puits
minnow~fretin
corker's~corker's
costliness's~costliness's
cablegrams~cablogrammes
absolved~absous
Rhee's~Rhee de
cantata's~Années cantates
geezer~geezer
circumferential~circonférentiel
stonewalls~Murs de pierre
maulers~Maulers
Perot's~Perot de
ecologist's~ecologist's
untainted~viciée
Di's~di de
chalkboard~tableau
lacy~de dentelle
tinnitus~tintement
Butterfingers's~Années Butterfingers
logistics's~de logistique
sturgeon~esturgeon
dishearteningly~dishearteningly
dis~dis
feting~feting
Phil's~Phil
heehaw's~braire de
abbreviations~abréviations
integers~entiers
dispraising~dispraising
soap's~de savon
wallow's~vautrer de
Tokyoite~Tokyoïte
harrumphed~harrumphed
abundance~abondance
Zairian~zaïrois
communications~communications
laudably~louablement
possibility~possibilité
outspread~étendu
bowlegged~aux jambes arquées
incompetent~incompétent
awakenings~éveils
Alaskan's~Alaska de
interment's~ensevelissement de
unpromising~peu prometteur
concerned~concerné
skewed~asymétrique
Algol~Algol
initiations~initiations
Gloucester's~Gloucester de
trumpery~camelote
decomposition's~decomposition's
profundity's~de profondeur
chomper~chomper
farmyard~farmyard
Orkney's~Orkney de
rhinoceroses~rhinocéros
patrolwomen~patrolwomen
Wolverhampton~Wolverhampton
bike~bicyclette
improbably~invraisemblablement
Menes's~Années Menes
inaccuracy~inexactitude
murmurers~murmurent
employer~employer
misshaped~misshaped
jiff~instant
L'Enfant~L'Enfant
quintessential~quintessentiel
menus~menus
talent's~son talent
overplays~trop lourdement
centrism~centrisme
steeple~clocher
RF~RF
blackish~noirâtre
avenue's~avenue de
virus~virus
glower~glower
affordably~affordably
uproarious~désopilant
Amparo's~amparo de
mouton's~Mouton
inhibits~inhibe
Gregory~Gregory
bradawls~bradawls
Marlborough~Marlborough
shouldn't~ne devrait pas
notebooks~des cahiers
animalcule~animalcule
concealing~occultation
underselling~sous-cotation
blackmails~chantages
masted~mâté
Kyushu's~Kyushu de
toothily~ses dents
iris's~iris de
gainers~gainers
refuted~réfutée
conductress's~receveuse de
mitring~Assemblage à onglet
illumination~éclairage
gradualism's~gradualism's
untraveled~untraveled
poses~pose
tribunal~tribunal
blondest~Blondest
springier~springier
chutneys~chutneys
Sonny's~Sonny
bulimic~boulimiques
mildew~moisissure
fluke's~fluke's
indispensably~indispensablement
Lansing's~Lansing de
foaminess's~foaminess's
hater's~haïsseur de
tramcars~tramcars
Sir's~Sir de
straddlers~straddlers
gnaws~gnaws
lemony~citronnée
pang's~pang de
Linton~Linton
raspy~râpeuse
twaddled~twaddled
Sallust~Salluste
riffled~riffles
denunciation~denunciation
hillbilly~hillbilly
funnelling~funnelling
dowel~dowel
diptych's~diptych's
scriptwriter~scénariste
briber's~de corrupteur
biped~bipède
dengue~dengue
camouflages~camouflages
primly~guindée
contraflows~contraflows
cravenness's~cravenness's
imperialistic~impérialiste
amend~modifier
guys~guys
speargun~un fusil à harpon
condoning~fermer les yeux
dominatrix~dominatrix
discover~discover
Prudential~Prudential
greenhorn's~greenhorn's
scurf~pellicules
oxidant~oxydant
flyby's~flyby's
defeatist's~defeatist's
reassignment~réaffectation
abandons~abandonne
Telugu~telugu
turmoil's~l'agitation de
creditably~creditably
ukulele~ukulélé
disinterestedly~disinterestedly
crescent's~crescent's
shed's~remise de
reconfigured~reconfiguré
fusee's~fusee's
irritation~irritation
campgrounds~terrains de camping
longer~plus long
clincher's~de pneu
caterwaul's~Années Caterwaul
italic~italique
pieceworkers~tâcherons
Bruno~Bruno
twofers~twofers
Rosalie's~Rosalie
pelvis's~bassin années
retrogressive~retrogressive
LyX~LyX
pusher~poussoir
suppressant~suppressant
frolic's~frolic's
fabric's~fabric's
phosphorescent~phosphorescent
Qaddafi's~Qaddafi de
crocodile~crocodile
MFA's~MFA de
banqueted~banqueté
Susanne's~Susanne de
tyrannic~tyranniques
sec~seconde
thundercloud's~thundercloud de
saint's~saint de
vodka~Vodka
Sensurround's~Sensurround de
clampdown~réprimer
vaccinating~vaccinateur
bobsleighs~bobsleighs
naphthalene's~naphtalène de
frappes~frappes
flame~flame
abseils~descentes en rappel
preoccupying~préoccupante
harriers~busards
latter~dernier
colossal~colossal
gangster's~gangster's
Mordred's~Mordred de
slop's~slop de
reticulations~réticulations
leprosy's~de la lèpre
bazillions~bazillions
cowboy~cowboy
Tripitaka's~Tripitaka de
matadors~matadors
Cpl~cpl
mossier~Mossier
colloid~colloïde
decider~decider
runty~runty
sill's~seuil des années
Ezra~Ezra
aground~échoué
tendencies~tendances
glinted~glinted
Mingus's~Mingus de
brochette's~brochette de
Saturday~samedi
servers~les serveurs
spored~spores
snatcher~Snatcher
Concorde's~Concorde de
tide~marée
gelcap's~gelcap's
pulpy~pulpeux
loathsomeness~répugnant
lapse's~Années lapse
Newsweek~Newsweek
reservedly~avec réserve
beta's~bêta de
synopsis~synopsis
ladybugs~coccinelles
rattrap's~RATTRAP de
SALT~SEL
stationery's~articles de papeterie de
ratlines~ratlines
ruling's~décision de
ponytail~queue de cheval
hooping~frettage
independence~indépendance
Newman~Homme nouveau
retracts~escamote
sesquicentennial~cent cinquantième anniversaire
heliports~héliports
annoyance's~gêne de
Bronte's~Bronte
palette~palette
isomers~isomères
cessation's~la cessation de
satirists~satiristes
dainty's~dainty's
egoist~egoist
migratory~migratoire
cloudburst~trombe
receiving~recevoir
discern~discern
Babylonian's~babylonien de
nonmilitary~non militaire
summation's~sommation de
malediction's~de malediction
encirclement~encirclement
cavemen~cavemen
secessionists~sécessionistes
pick's~Pick
underarms~underarms
numerations~numérations
splicing~épissage
Langley's~Langley
humanitarians~les acteurs humanitaires
rapider~rapider
pesetas~pesetas
blamelessness's~de blamelessness
Angle's~angle de
plainer~plus clair
OpenOffice's~OpenOffice de
Penn~Penn
divergence's~divergence's
plover's~Années pluvier
sequencers~séquenceurs
beseem~beseem
Wiesenthal~Wiesenthal
soreness~douleur
redials~recompositions
Pacino's~Pacino de
electronics~electronics
curbed~curbed
wink's~clin d'oeil de
Federico's~Federico de
tingly~fourmillements
sac~sac
Holiness~Sainteté
misplacing~Mauvais placement
Anita~Anita
crudeness~crudeness
Goldberg~Goldberg
Kickapoo~kickapoo
Zurich~Zurich
symmetries~symétries
Liege~Lige
serialising~sérialisation
Stoppard's~Stoppard
sheepskins~peaux de mouton
kinky~coquin
necrophiliacs~nécrophiles
prolapsing~prolapsus
calamities~calamités
afraid~peur
destructive~destructive
cartel's~entente de
dirtier~dirtier
seraglio~sérail
pluralise~pluralise
bookworm~rat de bibliothèque
monopoly's~monopole de
facilitator's~facilitator's
pharmaceutics's~Années Pharmaceutics
oncologist~oncologiste
reputation's~réputation
blancmanges~blanc-manger
massed~massé
phenol~phénol
jurisprudence~jurisprudence
maidenheads~Maidenhead
endowments~endowments
anniversary~anniversaire
Kenyon's~Kenyon de
indoor~intérieur
drogues~drogues
Bridalveil's~bridalveil de
Onega's~Onega de
devilry's~devilry's
fragment's~fragment's
Yakutsk's~Yakutsk de
hawkish~belliciste
Gallegos's~Gallegos de
heterosexual's~hétérosexuelle de
histamines~histaminiques
unbaptised~sans baptême
Chumash's~Chumash de
wails~vagissements
unset~unset
Edwards~Edwards
Salyut~Saliout
anatomist~anatomiste
Darjeeling's~Darjeeling de
depict~depict
eisteddfods~eisteddfods
Kaye~Kaye
shun~éviter
zoologically~zoologiquement
reaction's~de réaction
multilaterally~multilatéralement
cabdrivers~cochers
Farmer~Agriculteur
wrongs~torts
quadrennial~quadriennal
unharvested~inexploitée
snowdrop's~Perce-neige de
reasoners~raisonneurs
claimers~déclamateurs
inculcation's~de inculcation
Bulgarians~Bulgares
leisured~oisive
subsonic~subsonique
sequestrates~sequestrates
investor's~iNVESTISSEURS
vicuna~vigogne
waylays~guette
Worcestershire~Worcestershire
propinquity~proximité
tall~grand
crabber~crabber
clanging~tintement
secularises~sécularise
defector~defector
misaddress~misaddress
Elohim~Elohim
trusties~hommes de confiance
Brazil's~Brésil
perm~permanente
tracked~suivis
Puritanisms~Puritanisms
Burch's~Burch
torchlight's~aux flambeaux de
Galatians's~Galates de
producer~producteur
foreclosing~foreclosing
hypertensive's~hypertensive de
Devonian~dévonien
Hyderabad's~Hyderabad de
gild's~gild's
barn~Grange
stay's~Le séjour de
delouses~delouses
vulnerability~vulnérabilité
portages~portages
connoisseur's~connaisseur de
decagon~decagon
frissons~frissons
sealing~scellage
Estonian~estonien
gratin~gratin
ravaged~ravagé
skimmed~écrémé
bespectacled~à lunettes
restart~redémarrer
threatening~menaçant
belittling~rabaisser
accrual~la comptabilité d'exercice
indented~dentelé
flung~flung
hopelessly~désespérément
hypothetically~hypothétiquement
flushed~flushed
nonliving's~Années inanimés
freak~freak
dint's~dint's
commander's~cOMMANDANT
babied~dorloté
sardine's~années sardiniers
Cosby~Cosby
sparing~épargnant
freedom's~freedom's
reverses~revers
parboils~parboils
minuting~minuting
crusader's~crusader's
caries~carie
talebearer's~médisant de
train~train
roofers~Couvreurs
PCMCIA~PCMCIA
peters~peters
Hensley's~Hensley de
portal's~pORTAIL
layup~layup
Wayne~Wayne
Jainism~jaïnisme
clone's~clone de
thumbtack's~thumbtack de
vindicating~revendiquant
Punic~punique
clutters~clutters
Cartwright~Cartwright
contractile~contractile
ampler~ample
monetarist's~de monétariste
eugenicists~eugenicists
servo~servo
parson's~ecclésiastique
Derrick's~Derrick de
footpaths~footpaths
planking's~bordage de
lxii~LXII
write~écrire
inscriptions~les inscriptions
drowsier~drowsier
casualness~casualness
afforesting~reboiser
scruffiness~laisser-aller
fretwork~fretwork
Rodgers's~Rodgers
Herculaneum's~Herculanum de
arum~arum
howl~hurler
dysphoria~dysphoria
Nelson~Nelson
prostration's~prostration de
macrology~macrology
condoling~condoling
lamp's~les lampes
slick's~est lisse
magma's~magma de
Congolese's~congolais de
frustum~frustum
downswings~downswings
Patna~Patna
weblog~blog
barfs~Barfs
letters~des lettres
Hawking~Colportage
affiliate~filiale
carryover's~report de
list~liste
cations~cations
bustier~bustier
wimped~wimped
redresses~des voies de recours
tabulating~tabulatrice
Frankfurt~Francfort
groat's~groat's
quarrels~querelles
showering~se doucher
carnal~charnel
potter's~potier
iconography's~l'iconographie de
tale~conte
counterattacks~counterattacks
lovemaking's~de copulation
insulator~isolant
fashioned~fashioned
facilities~facilities
refrigerated~réfrigéré
grandfathers~grandfathers
baggily~baggily
parody's~la parodie
undermanned~à court d'équipage
primmest~primmest
exodus's~exodus's
dissatisfies~dissatisfies
thence~de là
prosecutor~procureur
survival~survie
telegraphers~télégraphistes
castanet~castagnettes
filet~filet
backlogging~accumulation de retards
bogeying~bogey
transpired~transpiré
Madge~Madge
theme's~Le thème de
insiders~initiés
Margaret~Margaret
nosedived~nosedived
Inca's~Inca
windshield~pare-brise
adjuration's~de adjuration
yonks~yonks
inventor~inventeur
steepening~pentification
Ellis's~Ellis de
journos~journos
seemliest~seemliest
fleabites~fleabites
fiduciaries~fiduciaries
haler~haler
doyenne~doyenne
slumbering~somnolent
Shelly~Shelly
keystroke~combinaison de touches
recreant's~recreant de
Dravidian~dravidienne
Trondheim~Trondheim
demode~demode
music's~de la musique
Schlesinger~Schlesinger
operas~opéras
internment's~internement de
Beth~Beth
hymen~hymen
Brubeck's~Brubeck de
extrapolated~extrapolated
goalpost's~goalpost's
theistic~théiste
bifurcates~bifurque
amenable~souple
jiffs~jiffs
Marianas~Mariannes
trig's~TRIG de
contents~contents
shyer~shyer
antigen's~antigène de
persevere~persévérer
anted~anted
hex's~hex de
mobilisers~mobilisateurs
litterbugs~punaises
Humboldt~Humboldt
stagecoaches~diligences
knicker~knicker
lankiness's~de lankiness
megalomaniacs~mégalomanes
uninstalling~Désinstallation
iodine's~iode de
tobacconist's~buraliste
Scorsese~Scorsese
scubaing~scubaing
Stieglitz~Stieglitz
integer~entier
poetic~poétique
Dumpster's~benne à ordures de
tamely~servilement
ewe's~ewe's
Worms~Vers
warhorses~destriers
gleaner~gleaner
VTOL~VTOL
transferal~transferal
debauch's~debauch's
burlesquing~burlesquing
malignancy~malignité
distancing~distancing
Buchanan's~Buchanan de
mythological~mythologique
neckband~col
scrupulous~scrupuleux
Spackle's~Années Spackle
editorialise~editorialise
arena~arène
scatological~scatologique
manginess~manginess
feudal~feudal
Christi~Christi
airstrips~pistes d'atterrissage
washbasins~lavabos
doorbell~doorbell
stranglers~étrangleurs
speculation~spéculation
assault's~assaut de
Peoria~Peoria
honeysuckle~chèvrefeuille
rustle~bruissement
amidship~au milieu du navire
Menkalinan's~Menkalinan de
piggish~goinfre
Korea~Corée
Ebola's~Ebola de
HUD~HUD
Scipio's~Scipion
Ofelia~Ofelia
Walsh~Walsh
carpool's~covoiturage de
maintained~entretenu
braggart's~de fanfaron
description's~description's
millibars~millibar
worked~travaillé
queerness~étrangeté
funeral's~funeral's
veneer~vernis
undecipherable~indéchiffrable
teaching~enseignement
dreadnought's~dreadnought's
mountaineering~alpinisme
antipodals~antipodiales
ranging~variant
incompetency's~de inhabilité
electrical~electrical
Strauss~Strauss
Dana~Dana
ascetic~ascétique
George's~George
childhoods~enfances
foundering~foundering
revoltingly~revoltingly
bong~Bong
Crees~Cris
emus~emus
renegotiated~renégocié
tubes~tubes
innocents~innocents
crack's~crack's
hovering~survol
anthologises~anthologises
connivance's~connivences de
resentful~irrité
microfilm's~de microfilms
igniting~inflammation
modified~modifié
whisperer~chuchoteur
Mosul~Mosul
footers~footers
imbued~imbu
mikes~Mikes
stammering~bégaiement
lice~les poux
weatherboard~weatherboard
congregates~se rassemble
transvestites~travesties
invariably~invariablement
Desiree's~Désirée de
goodies~goodies
flippant~flippant
evaluating~evaluating
garland's~garland's
Fulton's~Fulton
draughtiness's~draughtiness's
racehorse's~de cheval de course
perjuries~parjures
attesting~attestant
repertoires~répertoires
sedimentation's~de sédimentation
Dior~Dior
shears~cisailles
lays~Lays
component's~Composants
tulip~tulipe
unmarked~non marquées
hyphen's~trait d'union de
rotundness~rotundness
genetically~genetically
raffish~libertin
errata~errata
CPI~CPI
countersigns~countersigns
blueprints~plans
guardrail's~guardrail's
upholsters~tapissiers
challenger's~challenger de
Tehran~Téhéran
wail's~lamentation de
fogs~fogs
puttied~mastiquée
idyll~idylle
laxatives~laxatif
curler~curler
pardon's~pardon à
nocturnally~nocturnement
pentagons~pentagones
Deidre's~Deidre de
picnicker~pique-niqueur
macadam~macadam
whopper~gros mensonge
infinitive's~infinitif de
Small~Petit
mower's~tondeuse de
hotpot~Hotpot
adjacent~adjacent
slewed~pivoté
crossroads's~crossroads's
diocesan's~diocesan's
UT~Utah
terrorised~terrorisée
redelivered~relivré
Gethsemane~Gethsémani
pugnaciously~batailleur
Lyra's~Lyre de
painful~douloureux
side's~côtés
aestheticism's~de l'esthétisme
sluggishness~lenteur
eddy's~eddy's
stepmoms~stepmoms
horrifyingly~effroyablement
catchings~Catchings
installations~installations
Democrats~démocrates
obtuser~obtuser
Ukraine's~L'Ukraine de
mycology's~de mycologie
separation~séparation
petrel's~pétrel de
freelance's~freelance's
testatrices~testatrices
emulsification~emulsification
Seneca's~Sénèque
filibuster~filibuster
pricing~établissement des prix
transposition~transposition
jerkwater~Jerkwater
unsymmetrical~dissymétrique
depended~depended
Chaldean's~chaldéen de
crate's~crate's
polyps~polypes
jerkier~saccadés
flood~flood
Goldberg's~Goldberg
juicily~juicily
layabout~glandeur
thought~pensée
unlikable~unlikable
cowslip's~cowslip's
recapitalise~recapitaliser
nonexempt~nonexempt
permutation~permutation
spaceflight~vol spatial
yowls~hurlements
icemen~Icemen
bespoke~fait sur mesure
fastback~fastback
maiden's~Maiden
Costner's~Costner de
gewgaw~gewgaw
thulium~thulium
clunking~clunking
employable~employable
holdout~holdout
scrubbing~lavage
sorer~endolori
Yves's~Yves de
horizontally~horizontalement
saucily~saucily
rococo~rococo
interested~intéressé
overgrow~overgrow
glitter~glitter
mayst~puisses-
Lisa's~Lisa
hilariousness's~de hilariousness
wardrobes~armoires
compiler's~compilateur de
decries~decries
runs~fonctionne
riverbank's~berges
entertainment~entertainment
nakedly~nûment
recital~récital
nonsurgical~nonsurgical
crazy~crazy
system's~du système
blackberrying~blackberrying
shays~Shays
DHS~DHS
upland~hauteurs
rubbings~frottages
botany's~botanique de
evangelism's~evangelism's
Yerkes's~Années Yerkes
nicknames~surnoms
confederations~confédérations
ideology's~l'idéologie de
filching~filching
meretriciousness~meretriciousness
trooper's~de Trooper
fraternally~fraternally
grubbing~grubbing
hellholes~hellholes
dispelling~dispelling
microfiber~microfibre
unknowns~inconnues
thermoplastic's~thermoplastique de
favourites~favourites
perquisites~casuel
contaminate~contaminate
storyteller's~conteur de
buries~enterre
tenths~dixièmes
malfeasance's~de malversations
sandblasters~sableuses
kettledrums~timbales
thuggery~brutalité
teletexts~télétextes
trappings's~trappings de
lock~fermer à clé
receivers~récepteurs
palsied~paralysé
unclothes~déshabille
clairvoyants~clairvoyants
Darren's~Darren
galley~galley
earlobe's~earlobe's
bashing's~de dénigrement
strangulates~strangule
khaki~kaki
Xhosa~Xhosa
hospice~hospice
thatched~au toit de chaume
Moon~Lune
jerks~saccades
GA~Géorgie
virile~virile
consolidates~consolidera
bluish~bleuâtre
bluffness's~bluffness de
vivariums~vivariums
Napoleon's~Napoléon
hedging~couverture
declarable~declarable
mushiness~mushiness
babysitting's~garde d'enfants de
rectum~rectum
proposes~propose
Bic's~BIC
study~étude
yachtswoman~navigatrice
musicianship~musicalité
gateways~gateways
sacker~Sacker
extends~extends
moderator~modérateur
Eurasia~Eurasie
scurfy~scurfy
pussyfooted~pussyfooted
overdose~dose excessive
intrusive~intrusif
flagellants~flagellants
carpel~carpelle
leeching~sangsues
Coke~du Coca
webmistresses~webmistresses
outdid~surpassés
discographies~discographies
covetousness's~covetousness's
coppery~coppery
heavenwards~le ciel
arched~arqué
prepossession's~prepossession de
Manichean~manichéens
daguerreotyped~daguerreotyped
casehardening~cémentation
heist's~de hold-up
niggardly~avare
outweighed~compensés
tampon's~tampon de
ashtrays~cendriers
reposed~reposée
Kidd's~Kidd
steepness's~de déclivité
madden~se mettre en colère
jobs~emplois
complicated~compliqué
dyslexics~dyslexics
Kenya~Kenya
Cunard~Cunard
furloughs~furloughs
Paige's~Paige de
steelmaker~sidérurgiste
comfortableness's~de comfortableness
Denebola's~Denebola de
tagger's~de tagger
lemma~lemme
lameness's~de boiterie
enquiring~enquiring
Latonya~Latonya
list's~liste de
Faulknerian~faulknérienne
Stafford~Stafford
embargo~embargo
reenacted~reenacted
waterfowl's~les oiseaux aquatiques de
revitalising~revitalisante
lifeworks~LifeWorks
understatement's~euphémisme de
header's~tête de
Promethean's~PROMETHEAN
falters~falters
hipbones~OS de la hanche
freesia~freesia
cyberpunk~cyberpunk
Cerberus~Cerberus
plural's~pluriel de
cases~cas
Murrumbidgee's~Murrumbidgee de
bouffants~bouffants
Dodoma's~Dodoma de
insinuates~insinue
Englishwomen's~Années Anglaises
anorexia~anorexie
receptacle's~réceptacle des années
Canopus's~Canopus de
greatly~greatly
glassiness~glassiness
tankard's~chope de
Levesque~Levesque
parties~des soirées
candidates~candidats
senatorial~sénatorial
abrogators~abrogators
suede's~suède de
Dy~DY
slog's~slog de
outrider's~de Outrider
gonadal~gonadal
foreheads~foreheads
committees~comités
cobblestone's~pavé rond de
macadam's~macadam de
watermarked~filigrané
handshaking~handshaking
cardiomyopathy~cardiomyopathie
multicultural~multiculturel
ministerial~ministériel
escutcheon~escutcheon
hokum's~de hokum
encapsulate~encapsulate
naans~naans
scan's~Années d'analyse
mossback~conservateur à tout crin
padlock~cadenas
centrifuge's~centrifugeuse de
disco~disco
time~temps
motorbiked~motorbiked
CNN's~CNN
gorgon~gorgon
accentuating~accentuant
faience's~faience's
narwhals~narvals
Croatia~Croatie
drunkard~drunkard
Ojibwa~Ojibwa
idleness~oisiveté
proscenium's~de proscenium
Cabrera~Cabrera
exaltation~exaltation
summonsed~Convoquer
shootout's~Shootout de
sower~semeur
Xiaoping~Xiaoping
Indonesia's~Indonésie de
impractical~pas pratique
directorates~directorates
midriff's~Années midriff
Micmac~Micmac
cell~cellule
commoners~roturiers
rehouses~rehouses
fractal's~fractal's
racing's~de course
Beiderbecke's~Beiderbecke de
Hercules~Hercule
cardamom~cardamome
tumour's~tumeur de
editorially~editorially
scantiness's~de scantiness
oestrogen~oestrogène
bedspreads~couvre-lits
expunge~expunge
holstering~holster
Burl's~ronce de
Ghazvanid's~Ghazvanid de
ramrod~baguette
RN's~RN
martyrs~martyrs
single's~simple
halibut's~halibut's
tragedian~tragédien
Freetown~Freetown
wraith's~Wraith de
fielders~fielders
Adolph~Adolph
freshers~freshers
refolding~repliage
paroxysm's~paroxisme de
Eastern~Est
bulk~masse
insert~insérer
complex's~de complexes
Hellman's~Hellman
tomahawking~tomahawking
whales~baleines
fluorides~fluorides
concourse~foule
Sepoy's~Cipayes de
permissions~autorisations
hoaxer~mystificateur
Melville~Melville
apportion~répartir
grouchiness~grouchiness
ruffian~brute
Hymen's~Années Hymen
departmentalising~departmentalising
croquet~croquet
panther's~panthère de
dimpled~dimpled
rosiness's~roseur de
doubly~doubly
lancer's~lancier de
Carlo~Carlo
bilingually~bilingue
altarpieces~retables
porticoes~porches
hiving~défaisance
suppositories~suppositoires
interlinks~Interlinks
embargoes~embargoes
Bursa~Bursa
astatine's~de astate
Manchurian~Mandchourie
plank~planche
accuser~accusateur
embezzler~embezzler
Emily~Emilie
aborning~aborning
patrolman~gardien de la paix
pilfer~chaparder
Sheetrock~Sheetrock
coif's~Années Coif
retied~renoué
formalities~formalities
slacks~pantalon
mettlesome~fougueux
Perez~Perez
curl~curl
ionizer's~ioniseur de
drain~drain
participator~participator
megalomaniac~mégalomane
absurdly~absurdement
muleskinner~Muleskinner
retweets~retweets
moaner~râleur
droopy~droopy
anyway~en tous cas
inveigler's~captateur de
favourite's~favourite's
whatever~peu importe
proprietorship's~individuelle de
Host's~hôte de
Caribbean~Caraïbes
expatriating~expatriating
Griffin~Griffon
Buffy~Buffy
cosmologist~cosmologist
wiggling~tortillant
Reed's~Roseaux
whitewash~blanchir
dishevels~dishevels
halcyon~halcyon
derricks~derricks
NyQuil's~NyQuil de
soothed~apaisée
plough~charrue
Lapp's~Lapp de
catheterises~catheterises
spitefullest~spitefullest
forge's~forge's
reducer's~réducteur de
weaselled~weaselled
lightener~éclaircissant
slipcover's~slipcover de
vilifying~vilipendant
Pratchett's~Pratchett de
breasting~breasting
pitching~pitching
patrimonies~patrimoines
ablated~ablatée
Hutton~Hutton
crumbled~crumbled
management~la gestion
photosynthesised~photosynthétisés
cupids~cupids
brainstorm~idée de génie
propounded~proposée
Elvira~Elvira
pudenda~parties génitales
malnourished~malnutris
hegemony~hégémonie
squattest~squattest
begrudging~begrudging
klutziness's~de maladresse
amethysts~améthystes
conclaves~conclaves
stubbornly~opiniâtrement
OfficeMax's~OfficeMax de
inference~inférence
probabilistic~probabiliste
nasalising~nasalising
Blavatsky's~Blavatsky de
braced~contreventé
semipro~semi pro
Jamie~Jamie
spillover~débordement
quaking~quaking
impatiens's~de impatiens
dauphin~dauphin
draggiest~draggiest
woefuller~woefuller
gentleness's~gentleness's
tripped~disjoncté
postmortem~autopsie
wrongfulness's~illicéité de
Mesmer~Mesmer
hyperthyroidism's~de l'hyperthyroïdie
orc's~orc de
bigot~bigot
catwalk~passerelle
botchers~gâcheurs
Gordian's~gordien de
Lin~Lin
centigram's~centigramme de
undervalued~sous-évalué
distrustful~distrustful
oxymora~oxymora
flail's~flail's
figureheads~figureheads
viceregal~viceregal
supremos~supremos
demarcated~demarcated
ophthalmic~ophtalmique
fleck's~fleck's
cooping~cooping
purify~purifier
announcers~speakers
Hays's~Hays de
boozy~pochard
Bolshoi~Bolchoï
pittance's~bouchée de pain de
scouters~scouters
suffices~suffit
Heinlein~Heinlein
tearoom~salon de thé
legless~legless
incurred~engagés
transaction~transaction
Damascus's~Damas de
downside's~downside's
Philistine~Philistin
Singleton~Singleton
untold~indicibles
glimmer~glimmer
shellfire~shellfire
vulgarities~vulgarités
referendum's~référendum de
pending~en attendant
watcher~observateur
eyelet~eyelet
rewedding~rewedding
enhancements~enhancements
unequipped~non équipée
underthings's~Années underthings
jg~jg
seclusive~seclusive
loser~perdant
franks~franks
realness's~de realness
Iroquoian~iroquois
linchpins~chevilles ouvrières
rundown's~diminution des effectifs de
Duke~Duc
kick~donner un coup
Bournemouth~Bournemouth
augured~augurait
shipbuilder's~constructeur de navires de
timepiece's~garde-temps de
squarely~carrément
topic's~les sujets
reinvests~réinvestit
Zuni~Zuni
discarded~discarded
alluvial's~alluviale de
underemployment~sous-emploi
checkmates~checkmates
totterer's~totterer de
coleuses~coleuses
refundable~remboursable
speedster's~de speedster
spindlier~spindlier
Heidelberg~Heidelberg
horseshoed~horseshoed
rollerblading~patin à roues alignées
consign~expédier
hucksterism's~de boniments
nuclei~noyaux
buckyball's~buckyball de
alibied~alibied
latrines~latrines
insinuating~insinuant
granddad~granddad
bathtub~baignoire
sailed~navigué
capillarity's~capillarité de
cordon's~cordon's
imprecated~imprecated
reply~répondre
evergreens~evergreens
presidium's~présidium de
quarterback's~Le quart de
propane~propane
regalia~insignes royaux
islets~îlots
refection's~de refection
iffiness~iffiness
sari~sari
flavor~flavor
Tyndall~Tyndall
Malraux's~Malraux
emotionalise~emotionalise
tarpon~tarpon
vignettist's~vignettist de
dockets~dockets
Nanette~Nanette
Catholicisms~catholicismes
preregistration~préinscription
tippex~Tippex
cinch's~jeu d'enfant de
Combs's~peignes de
unspoiled~intact
Kinsey~Kinsey
outpointing~outpointing
Olympic's~Jeux olympiques
libidinous~libidineux
senders~expéditeurs
knapsacks~musettes
tickler's~tickler de
halberd~halberd
tiffs~tiff
fro~fro
miniaturist's~miniaturiste de
varmints~vermines
cockfight~cockfight
stickleback's~épinoche de
Andorran~andorran
Target's~ciblons
comment~commentaire
flounder~flounder
wedging~coinçage
quartz's~quartz de
southeast~au sud-est
universalise~universaliser
mike's~Mike
bells~cloches
precluding~excluant
hyperbole~hyperbole
internationalist's~internationaliste de
helpline's~service d'assistance téléphonique de
incongruity~incongruité
writes~écrit
expat~expat
banishment~bannissement
muffle~étouffer
unmakes~défait
beret~béret
pernicious~pernicieux
expedients~expedients
resolution's~résolution de
multiplexes~multiplexe
repudiating~répudiant
Greene's~Greene
snugness's~de snugness
urinate~uriner
hatemongers~hatemongers
schmaltziest~schmaltziest
tarpaulins~bâches
reprinting~réimprimer
costliest~costliest
geostationary~geostationary
Dallas's~Dallas de
bloodhound~limier
Astana~Astana
irrupts~fait irruption
abortion's~l'avortement de
supertanker's~superpétrolier de
betrays~trahit
featuring~featuring
triumvirs~triumvirs
Schnabel~Schnabel
surfer~surfeur
pleas~plaidoyers
choreographs~chorégraphes
wordless~sans mots
guyed~guyed
scatterbrain's~de linotte
copycats~copycats
window~fenêtre
trucking's~camionnage de
saute~faire sauter
Orpheus's~Orphée de
punctually~ponctuellement
cowslip~cowslip
Cochabamba's~Cochabamba de
mingle~mêler
yap~japper
Au's~Au de
freaks~freaks
miscalling~miscalling
cordials~cordials
recitalist's~de récitaliste
classrooms~salles de classe
oxbows~bras morts
erbium~erbium
implicating~impliquant
Israelite's~israélite de
Reed~Roseau
guy~guy
dissociation's~dissociation's
combined~combiné
advocated~préconisée
Venusian's~vénusienne de
cog~dent
crescent~crescent
fuckheads~fuckheads
dob~dob
distrusted~distrusted
insurer's~assureur de
maleness's~de maleness
corrals~corrals
domineered~domineered
sparrow~moineau
squatting~squat
outbid~surenchérir
zip's~zip de
unloosen~desserrer
oglers~oglers
outfield~hors-champ
postgraduates~étudiants de troisième cycle
dodgems~dodgems
maximums~valeurs maximales
scrotum's~bourses de
anaemia's~de l'anémie
nonvirulent~non virulent
retirement's~de retraite
paperhangers~tapissiers
militate~militer
tramples~piétine
specking~specking
headline's~titres
costumer~costumer
larking~larking
contradicting~contradicting
abortionist~avorteur
keypuncher~keypuncher
supports~les soutiens
slander's~de la calomnie
distribute~distribute
helium~hélium
roundhouse~roundhouse
Vancouver~Vancouver
Bahrain's~Bahreïn de
statesman's~État de
croon~croon
inmates~détenus
bisque~bisque
UAR~UAR
highlighters~surligneurs
ranching's~ranching de
armholes~emmanchures
yellows~jaunes
retires~prend sa retraite
Ernestine's~Ernestine
vibratory~vibratoire
underskirts~underskirts
moorings~amarres
penile~pénis
Farrow's~Farrow de
thundershower's~ORAGE de
repacked~reconditionnés
enameller~enameller
credulous~credulous
gangling~gangling
pratfall~pratfall
fleecer's~fleecer's
silk~soie
Lr~Lr
scrawl~griffonner
pretest~prétest
Zulu~zoulou
Roosevelt's~Roosevelt
cipher~chiffrer
cuspid's~cuspid's
poop~caca
hews~HEWS
papacy~papauté
Shari'a~Sharia
grimly~grimly
pitchforks~fourches
transcriber~transcripteur
pooed~pooed
legitimatise~légitiment
lolloping~lolloping
Cornwall's~Cornwall de
irritate~irriter
moments~des moments
hatching's~de l'éclosion
inaugural~inaugural
abashedly~confusément
mooted~évoquée
leery~méfiant
swig's~rasade de
moorlands~bruyères
release~Libération
inflamed~enflammé
clinician~clinicien
addable~ajoutable
puncheon's~puncheon de
dongles~dongles
Opal~Opale
wildernesses~solitudes
denied~denied
Leif~Leif
evocative~evocative
hillier~hillier
Iguassu's~iguassu de
deciphering~deciphering
tick's~tique de
imprudent~imprudent
headstone's~pierre tombale de
Northrup~Northrup
timpanist~timbalier
despot's~despot's
sooty~fuligineux
incisions~incisions
misogynist~misogyne
Lacey's~Lacey de
anchorage~ancrage
showboating~showboating
crumby~crumby
plasterer's~plâtrier
mpg~mpg
Ahmad's~Ahmad de
Saigon~Saigon
begone~partez
likened~comparé
multiplexer's~multiplexeur de
callow~inexpérimenté
fusilier~fusilier
pimentos~piments
ghost's~ghost's
staider~staider
innovated~innovée
Kristopher's~Kristopher de
prosaic~prosaïque
Honiara's~Honiara de
Talleyrand's~Talleyrand
Laurence~Laurence
wresting~Wresting
assiduousness~assiduousness
foreseer's~foreseer's
insurable~assurable
north~Nord
coalface's~de coalface
backslider~récidiviste
teammate's~coéquipier
prolific~prolifique
sleepwalkers~somnambules
rock~Roche
contrivances~contrivances
ownership's~propriété de
Excellency's~Excellence de
dogcarts~dogcarts
metalworkers~métallurgistes
Paralympic~paralympique
rightsizing~rightsizing
circumscribed~circonscrite
Witt~Witt
wormwood~armoise
atom's~atome de
escapist's~escapist's
patchworks~patchworks
laterals~latérales
haycocks~Haycocks
insurgent~insurgé
wreckage~débris
scorecard's~tableau de bord de
neglectfulness's~neglectfulness de
biconvex~biconvexe
putzes~putzes
catgut's~de catgut
occupation's~occupation de
Israeli's~israéliens
Harrisburg's~Harrisburg de
peccadillo~peccadille
gasket~gasket
coalfaces~fronts de taille
parliamentarians~parlementaires
weenies~weenies
Nantes~Nantes
integument~tégument
psychoanalysed~psychanalysé
prehistorically~préhistoriquement
sovereign's~souverains de
Daugherty's~Daugherty de
bagpipe~cornemuse
urchin~galopin
husking~décorticage
talkie~walkie
topical~topique
genuineness~genuineness
provocateurs~provocateurs
kayaks~kayaks
Arabian~arabe
lamer~lamer
condensations~condensations
stonemason's~de tailleur de pierre
Waterloo~Waterloo
waterproofing~étanchéité
gateway's~gateway's
boogie~boogie
inveighed~invectivé
prohibiting~interdisant
casseroled~cocotte
expositors~expositors
signer's~signataire de
gerund~gerund
Ashanti~Ashanti
motiles~vagiles
bytes~octets
paella~Paëlla
offshore~en mer
icon~icône
outtake~outtake
wildcatter's~Années Wildcatter
tawdriness~clinquant
bathetic~pathétique
drank~drank
timberlines~Timberlines
matte's~mat de
Carissa's~Carissa de
Stael~Stael
naive~naïf
reappointment's~renouvellement du mandat de
shoes~chaussures
tintype~tintype
extincts~extincts
Lombard's~Lombard de
grizzlies~grizzlies
assonants~assonances
scaliness's~Années scaliness
hairiness~hairiness
chuckholes~chuckholes
jury~jury
tamps~Tamps
heron's~héron de
trying~en essayant
Ainu~Ainu
arguer~raisonneur
East~est
Lamarck~Lamarck
fastball's~fastball's
Tessa's~Tessa
moonshines~moonshines
individuality's~individualité de
tension's~des tensions
Mendocino's~Mendocino de
cliquishly~cliquishly
cereals~céréales
spurt~gicler
toddles~Toddles
knickerbockers's~Années Knickerbockers
patio~patio
inverse~inverse
mesospheres~mesospheres
subordination~subordination
survivor~survivant
Fermi's~Fermi
mousing~Pointage
dicta~dicta
legitimated~légitimée
opencast~opencast
monodists~monodistes
lifestyle~mode de vie
elocutionary~elocutionary
northwards~vers le nord
TelePrompTer~prompteur
Fleming's~Fleming
Balthazar~Balthazar
unambiguous~non ambigu
gigglers~gigglers
Shelley's~Shelley
caricaturist's~de caricaturiste
senor's~Senor de
denominators~denominators
acquirer~acquéreur
underexpose~sous-exposition
slumdog's~slumdog de
polka~polka
matador's~matador de
Tucson's~Tucson de
blueberry~myrtille
socialising~socialisant
lieutenancy's~de Lieutenance
womenfolks's~Années womenfolks
palatially~palatially
pliancy's~de pliancy
pussy~chatte
Workman's~Workman de
dismantlement~dismantlement
sensitise~sensibiliser
madame~Madame
twats~chattes
lacquer's~de laque
estimation's~estimation's
palatines~palatins
flute's~flute's
perfectas~perfectas
camel's~chameau de
geckos~geckos
roars~rugit
yeahs~yeahs
flyaway~flyaway
Haleakala's~Haleakala de
impurest~impure
rankle~rester sur le cœur
Darren~Darren
Epstein~Epstein
pedicured~pedicured
prier~Prier
Comanche's~Comanche de
wholehearted~sans réserve
globalised~globalised
McLeod~McLeod
dusk's~dusk's
infighter~infighter
apostasies~apostasies
lifebuoys~bouées de sauvetage
gyrator's~gyrator's
foretastes~foretastes
convulsed~convulsed
tanker~pétrolier
overarming~surarmement
Ritalin~Ritalin
tryst~rendez-vous
stocking~stockage
unctuously~unctuously
Uzi~Uzi
laundromats~laveries
foreigner~foreigner
floater's~floater's
hollowest~plus creuse
scourges~fléaux
northern~nord
unambiguously~sans ambiguïté
aptitudes~aptitudes
presenting~en présentant
graphologist~graphologist
encloses~encloses
intrigue's~l'intrigue de
vituperation's~de vitupérations
agribusinesses~agrobusiness
drift~drift
re's~re de
highland~montagnes
Judy~Judy
vein~veine
drilled~drilled
lotus~lotus
syntactical~syntactique
Aphrodite's~Aphrodite
speechwriters~speechwriters
frequentest~frequentest
infuser~infuseur
shaken~secoué
imperceptive~imperceptive
gas's~gas's
inattentive~inattentif
dusty~dusty
vacuity~vacuité
deflection's~deflection's
cad's~cao de
wreak~assouvir
release's~la libération de
Oxnard~oxnard
lacerated~lacéré
grip~grip
minions~sbires
Connolly~Connolly
greasepaint's~greasepaint's
panellists~panélistes
trilogy~trilogie
noticeboard~tableau d'affichage
twirly~twirly
mosey~baguenauder
Maureen's~Maureen
Citroen~Citroen
dissevers~dissevers
ruler~règle
brunt's~poids de
fission~fission
Oceanside~Oceanside
Co~Co
metalled~metalled
Chopra~Chopra
pedestrian~piéton
bronchitic~bronchitiques
gneiss~gneiss
boll~boll
Jacky's~Jacky
subtend~sous-tendre
tinplate~fer blanc
Garrett's~Garrett
suites~suites
joggled~joggled
parson~pasteur
hoofing~hoofing
tonearm's~de tonearm
pimple~bouton
eruptive~eruptive
pulmonary~pulmonaire
salt~sel
Exercycle's~Années Exercycle
tandoori's~tandoori de
routinise~systématiser
inbreeding~endogamie
acolyte~acolyte
opining~opiner
histrionics~art dramatique
knobbly~noueux
Assyrian~assyrien
fruitcake~fruitcake
ring~bague
flossier~flossier
aggressiveness~agressivité
boohoo's~boohoo de
statehouse~statehouse
refuels~plein en vol
nonproliferation's~de non-prolifération
chirp's~chirp de
developers~developers
deftness's~deftness's
Camacho~Camacho
jinxes~maléfices
Islamic~islamique
gazumped~gazumped
sticklebacks~épinoches
intimates~Intimates
ventriloquism's~de ventriloquie
raconteurs~Raconteurs
stegosauruses~stégosaures
silicon~silicium
strengthens~renforce
patented~breveté
Roland~Roland
moods~humeurs
impugns~ATTAQUE
robot's~Robot de
wielding~maniant
swords~épées
fountain~fountain
prof~prof
irregardless~irregardless
coffeecakes~coffeecakes
benumbed~engourdi
scattered~épars
reciprocate~rendre
eight~eight
atoll~atoll
constraints~contraintes
impenitent~impénitent
composer~compositeur
chronometers~chronomètres
almshouse's~almshouse de
Myles~Myles
fanny~fanny
romaine's~laitue romaine de
Ellen's~Ellen
callback's~rappel de
respectfulness~respectfulness
statue~statue
overbuild~accumuler des bâtiments
dutch~dutch
tautening~tenseur
tippler~culbuteur
Ramanujan~Ramanujan
kayaked~kayak
contravene~contravene
bailout~plan de sauvetage
unforgivable~impardonnable
epithelial~epithelial
malamute~malamute
systematisation~systématisation
Carlyle's~Carlyle
bulkiness~bouffant
journeyer~Journeyer
strangler's~Années étrangleurs
wenches~donzelles
corporation~corporation
bestrewing~bestrewing
Toby~Toby
outdoors's~Années en plein air
upholsterer's~de tapissier
pyrotechnics~pyrotechnie
scotching~scotching
lacewing's~de chrysope
Bridgeport~Bridgeport
Winesap's~Winesap de
foregather~foregather
juries~jurys
relativistic~relativiste
cheerios~Cheerios
mastoid's~mastoïde de
predeceasing~décède avant
codgers~codgers
connectivity's~la connectivité de
lode's~Lode de
singulars~Singuliers
Palembang's~Palembang de
ah~ah
OS~OS
redrafted~reformulée
wagtail~bergeronnette
overrides~remplacements
truancy's~de l'absentéisme scolaire
Herrick's~Herrick de
organism's~organismes
tweet's~Tweet de
pate~crâne
speeding's~la vitesse de
ballgirls~ballgirls
nationalistically~nationaliste
pedestrianise~pedestrianise
distention~distention
dazzles~dazzles
swattering~swattering
misinformation's~de la désinformation
cupcakes~cupcakes
external~external
wrongheadedly~wrongheadedly
celebrates~célèbre
screes~Eboulis
inauspicious~peu propice
conchs~conques
Alkaid~Alkaid
woollies~lainages
loonies~huards
separability~séparabilité
pneumococcus~pneumocoque
Fredericton~Fredericton
patrolling~patrouillant
disciplined~disciplined
fertilised~fertilised
tog~TOG
fagged~fagged
Mead~Hydromel
pips~pips
abductor~ravisseur
constrictors~constricteurs
borrowing~emprunt
dissuasion's~dissuasion's
arraignment~accusation
equity's~equity's
obliges~oblige
ostensible~prétendu
surfeiting~surfeiting
topsoil~couche arable
corgi~corgi
illustration~illustration
clevises~manilles
lifeblood~élément vital
optically~optiquement
axioms~axiomes
flashcube's~flashcube's
reconfirmation~reconfirmation
anaesthesiologist~anesthésiologiste
nutrition's~de la nutrition
acorns~glands
Gatsby~Gatsby
soreness's~de la douleur
Becker's~Becker
adjustment's~réglage de
multitasking~multi-tâches
silicone's~silicone de
disoriented~disoriented
manifest~manifeste
underside~dessous
cable's~câble de
disposition's~disposition's
Sharp's~Sharp
maximises~optimise
minicomputer's~mini-ordinateur de
painfuller~painfuller
Walls's~murs de
attainment~réalisation
sundecks~sundecks
identity~identité
nethermost~le plus profond
jetting~lançage
polyesters~polyesters
mendaciously~mensongèrement
Brewster's~Brewster
conditionally~conditionnellement
ironclads~cuirassés
Motorola~Motorola
rightest~plus juste
impassible~impassible
lino~lino
carport's~abri voiture de
lover's~les amoureux
vacillating~vacillant
irregulars~irregulars
lingo's~lingo de
lustful~lubrique
beavering~beavering
clouding~opacification
Slav's~Années slaves
irrecoverably~irréparablement
recrosses~recroise
tunnels~tunnels
decaf's~decaf's
Abby's~Abby
pretexts~prétextes
ordinal~ordinal
Elba~Île d'Elbe
budgie's~de perruche
militarises~militarise
nonfood~non alimentaire
outskirts~faubourgs
Oxus~Oxus
humus~humus
deselected~deselected
gloss's~gloss's
hulk~ponton
trombonist~tromboniste
bethought~avisa
demarcations~demarcations
committeeman's~années Committeeman
astrologically~astrologiquement
stinginess's~de pingrerie
quintuplet's~quintuplés
DD's~DD de
DA~DA
literati~littérateurs
lures~leurres
encasement~encasement
heathenism~paganisme
pinyons~pinyons
inexpiable~inexpiable
conclusion's~La conclusion de
gybe~gybe
Godard's~Godard
engraving's~engraving's
staff~Personnel
preshrink~preshrink
installing~pose
rattlesnake~serpent à sonnette
shutdown's~arrêt de
outdoor~de plein air
wickedest~wickedest
prow's~prow de
bridgework's~bridgework de
hoovered~hoovered
enteritis's~enteritis's
repulsiveness's~de repulsiveness
blurriness's~blurriness de
Stokes~Stokes
stalactite~stalactite
doorsteps~doorsteps
craniums~craniums
ministration's~ministration de
fire's~fire's
interlocutor's~interlocuteur de
swordsmanship~swordsmanship
Justine's~Justine
determine~determine
earphones~earphones
insomniac's~insomniaques
weather's~du temps
Karen~Karen
swordplay~maniement d'épée
reincorporates~réincorpore
brand~marque
Marshall~Marshall
abdicated~abdiqué
dachshund~dachshund
pesto~Pesto
Vatican's~de Vatican
deserters~deserters
devastation's~devastation's
hokier~hokier
thermoses~thermoses
stern~arrière
Vicente's~Vicente de
Chickasaws~Chickasaws
shoptalk~déjeuners causeries
castigating~fustigeant
dinars~dinars
coeval~contemporain
Seagram's~Seagram
unconventional~non conventionnel
embouchure's~embouchure's
Delhi~Delhi
vicennial~vicennial
Afro~Afro
signification's~de signification
inducement's~incitation de
burliest~plus robuste
redressing~redressement
warms~échauffe
demonstrativeness's~demonstrativeness's
hostilely~hostilement
rambling~randonnée
psychopathy's~psychopathie de
embarks~embarks
betrothed's~de fiancés
ares~ares
Romanesques~romanesques
Breakspear's~Breakspear de
ostracised~mis à l'écart
Moselle~Moselle
modification~modification
NV~Nevada
cuber's~cuber's
lakefront~Lakefront
tiramisus~Tiramisu
soliloquy's~soliloque de
comeliest~comeliest
flatboat's~flatboat's
magpie~pie
utensil's~ustensiles
titlist's~Champion du Monde de
crumples~crumples
spreeing~spreeing
resurveying~de nouveaux levés
keyboards~claviers
Aruba~Aruba
lilts~cadences
stilts~échasses
Welles~Welles
tartaric~tartrique
agonises~agonise
circuitous~détourné
Americanised~américanisé
booze~biberonner
understating~sous-estime
quartermaster~intendant
stiffeners~raidisseurs
cop's~cop's
prizefight~prizefight
ultimatum~ultimatum
Apostle~Apôtre
dampen~dampen
Caravaggio's~Caravage
wishers~wishers
motioned~fit signe
bobsleigh~bobsleigh
cheat's~Pense-bête
actuation's~actionnement de
outhitting~outhitting
officeholders~supports de bureau
stakeholder's~les parties prenantes
peninsular~péninsulaire
substitution's~substitution de
spore~spore
beclouded~beclouded
chanting~psalmodie
finished~finished
pined~languissait
Ojibwas~Ojibwas
migrate~émigrer
battalion's~bataillon de
caginess's~de caginess
Elysiums~Elysiums
fessed~fessed
anathematised~anathématisé
cowpuncher~cowpuncher
optic~optique
confabulates~confabulates
neutralists~neutralistes
wigging~réprimande
Mueller's~Mueller
Apple's~Pommes
sleeved~manches
seabed's~fonds marins de
Athenians~Athéniens
Logan's~Logan
peace~paix
emblem~emblem
photon~photon
aerates~aère
cocksucker~enculé
stasis~stase
Pasteur~Pasteur
affluence~richesse
midwives~sages-femmes
Teddy's~Teddy
skywriting's~de skywriting
hornlike~cornées
isolationist~isolationniste
declarer's~declarer's
tragedy's~tragédie
whiffletree's~palonnier de
disbeliever's~disbeliever's
headlining~tête d'affiche
Lina's~Lina
Nelda's~nelda de
Wilkinson~Wilkinson
Honda~Honda
Syrian~syrien
reverend's~reverend de
toothy~toothy
seeker~chercheur
grandaunts~grandaunts
aseptic~aseptique
inst~inst
Alexander~Alexandre
poxes~véroles
clinging~cramponnant
steal~voler
dumpling~dumpling
shortfalls~déficits
trenching~creusement de tranchées
Helicon~Hélicon
intermezzos~interludes
multivitamins~multivitamines
excavations~excavations
fibrillation's~fibrillation's
blocker's~bloqueur de
Khmer's~khmer de
artist's~artistes
marbleises~marbleises
coexistence~coexistence
queerly~étrangement
precanceling~precanceling
polymerisation~polymérisation
jog's~jogging de
leaflet~brochure
McCullough's~McCullough de
orthography's~de l'orthographe
queenliest~queenliest
guzzlers~guzzlers
compromised~compromis
denims~denims
knackers~équarrisseurs
reception~accueil
darters~darters
Gatling~Gatling
Bette~bette
anniversaries~anniversaires
migrant~migrateur
spareness~spareness
phi~phi
energy's~energy's
codicil's~codicille de
bandying~bandying
Enif's~Enif de
hipbone~os iliaque
stipple~pointiller
laburnum~cytise
screening~dépistage
ripcords~ripcords
declaimer~declaimer
dockworkers~dockworkers
tusk~défense d'éléphant
topmasts~hune
disc~disc
tracing's~de traçage
allocation~allocation
caver~spéléologue
waitperson~waitperson
cottager~cottager
sorts~sortes
sacristy~sacristie
beatific~béatifique
imponderables~impondérable
relationship's~des relations
honcho~honcho
boardroom~salle de réunion
flatcar's~flatcar's
Canada~Canada
mythologises~mythologises
Walters~Walters
inamorata~inamorata
immigration~immigration
pedometer~pédomètre
blackjacking~blackjacking
ramming~éperonnage
juiciness's~jutosité de
ovens~fours
causerie~Causerie
heifer~génisse
cabbing~cabbing
misnomers~misnomères
alcoholic's~alcoolique de
waggish~facétieux
mirror's~miroir de
slipcover~housse
resounded~retentissaient
committee's~du comité
inducted~intronisé
Letha~Letha
Trudy~Trudy
Belshazzar's~Belshazzar de
dorm's~dorm's
bibliography~bibliographie
supercharged~suralimenté
slinging~élingage
immaterial~immatériel
nuance~nuancer
reseed~réensemencer
alerting~alerte
handcar~handcar
candles~bougies
Peck~Picorer
ossify~ossifier
snuffers~mouchettes
opaqued~opacifiée
academy's~académie de
aviary~volière
volatilising~volatilisation
transmute~transmuter
weathercock's~Années girouettes
briefs~slips
default~default
statesmanship's~de sens politique
aspect~aspect
cover~cover
suffixation's~de suffixation
pterodactyl~ptérodactyle
silverware's~argenterie de
pissoirs~urinoirs
Arieses~Arieses
snobs~snobs
geomagnetism~geomagnetism
enfranchisement's~enfranchisement's
Jolene's~Jolene de
lambskins~peaux d'agneau
diddled~diddled
AAA~AAA
Psyche's~psyché de
Sakharov's~sakharov de
Buber~Buber
whole's~tout son
hashes~hash
glory~glory
bedsore~escarre
engrossment's~engrossment's
costume's~costume's
Stern's~Stern
location's~Emplacements
subcontractors~sous-traitants
Moguls~bosses
snowiness's~snowiness de
manhandled~malmené
begins~commence
val~val
countably~countably
accommodates~reçoit
orientated~orientée
tenoned~en tenon
webmasters~webmasters
lopsided~de guingois
undoing~perte
lullaby's~berceuse de
Montague's~Montague
laceration's~de lacération
cooler~cooler
sounder~sondeur
perfunctory~sommaire
Liliana~Liliana
Luis~Luis
Viagra's~Viagra de
farseeing~farseeing
prodigally~avec prodigalité
produce's~produire de
norms~normes
Darnell's~Darnell de
widowers~veufs
psychotics~psychoses
lobber~Lobber
bright~brillant
whalers~baleiniers
signposted~fléché
Skye's~Skye de
reequips~reequips
catnaps~catnaps
misrepresenting~Fausse représentation
Armand~Armand
Augusta's~Augusta de
besmear~barbouiller
endocrines~endocrines
agglomeration's~agglomération de
monopolise~monopoliser
moneybox~tirelire
suburbia's~Années Suburbia
leviathan's~titanesque
steeping~macération
unclasped~détacha
waterproofing's~étanchéité de
stagy~théâtral
harlequin's~harlequin's
daunting~daunting
contributory~contributory
exuberant~exuberant
unincorporated~non constituée en société
whatchamacallits~whatchamacallits
fantasist~fantasist
supersizes~supersizes
omen~présage
blended~mélangé
discourtesy~discourtesy
whacker~whacker
clench~serriez
dissatisfying~dissatisfying
maydays~maydays
soul~âme
swingeing~sévère
collocations~collocations
Orinoco's~Orinoco de
cochleas~cochlées
poverty~la pauvreté
Left~La gauche
unfounded~sans fondement
winsomest~winsomest
Jimmy's~Jimmy
oysters~Huîtres
wielded~maniée
packager's~emballeur de
aphelion~aphélie
minivans~mini-fourgonnettes
MTV's~MTV
haystack~meule de foin
habituated~habituated
spiracle's~Années spiracle
Angles~angles
surgically~chirurgicalement
flummox~flummox
systemic~systémique
supremo~supremo
misfit's~de misfit
Fox's~Fox
hammerhead's~hammerhead's
crippled~crippled
Porfirio's~Porfirio de
waded~pataugé
carrel~carrel
MD's~MDs
britches's~Années Britches
cheesing~cheesing
Kalashnikov's~Kalachnikov de
skinniest~skinniest
theatricality's~de théâtralité
Karin~Karin
impostor's~de l'imposteur
stardust~poussière d'étoiles
Lawson~Lawson
Weinberg's~weinberg de
disagreeably~disagreeably
tangibleness~tangibleness
Herbert~Herbert
trichinosis's~de la trichinose
portfolio~portefeuille
azimuth's~azimut de
inversion~inversion
Bose's~Bose de
hubbub's~brouhaha de
shove's~shove de
gradualness~gradualness
maidenhood's~Années maidenhood
peens~Peens
squaw~squaw
treads~bandes de roulement
bathtubs~baignoires
wraps~enveloppements
Ginny's~Ginny
jauntier~jauntier
polymer's~polymère de
dinnerware~dinnerware
Marty's~Marty
Inge~Inge
climbing~escalade
recessionals~recessionals
preclusion~empêchement
porter~porter
bogon~bogon
furriness~furriness
coxcombs~coxcombs
Carver~Sculpteur
Tm's~Tm
primed~apprêté
licence's~de licence
chains~Chaînes
slates~ardoises
clammiest~clammiest
revenuer~revenuer
tenterhook~clou à crochet
Coleridge~Coleridge
pounded~pilonné
Beecher's~Beecher de
weir's~déversoir de
cerebellums~cervelets
polities~polities
memorialising~officialisant
Quebecois's~québécois de
O'Connor~O'Connor
diffuseness~diffuseness
peskily~peskily
silhouette~silhouette
filo~filo
megalomania's~Années mégalomanie
disinclining~disinclining
evenhandedly~evenhandedly
Suzy's~Suzy
dressmakers~dressmakers
tater~tater
peacekeeping's~maintien de la paix de
endorses~endorses
laundress's~de blanchisseuse
crazy's~crazy's
moonless~moonless
Set~Ensemble
pricked~piquées
glories~glories
quatrain~quatrain
weariest~weariest
crater's~crater's
tinselling~tinselling
champagne~Champagne
advisedly~délibérément
hemline~Hemline
turbojet's~de turboréacteur
Ramos~Ramos
Wyatt's~Wyatt
Jerri's~Jerri de
retaken~pied serait pris
spluttering~crachotant
incises~incises
broadens~élargit
inglenook's~cantou de
cork~cork
repatriation~rapatriement
shampooer~shampouineuse
encyclopaedias~encyclopaedias
darter's~darter's
bundling~bottelage
receiver's~récepteur de
topples~basculements
investigation's~enquête de
transmutations~transmutations
expectant~expectant
chumminess~chumminess
gazettes~gazettes
postwoman~factrice
gestation~gestation
psycho's~psycho de
waggles~Waggles
catalyst's~CATALYST
callings~appels
admissible~admissible
ruffs~collerettes
bylaw's~règlements municipaux de
scratchpads~scratchpads
polygamy~la polygamie
recollections~souvenirs
Shea's~Shea
silentest~silentest
Evangeline~Evangeline
cowhides~cowhides
McEnroe's~McEnroe de
pentathlon~pentathlon
crib~crib
rawest~la plus brute
observatory~observatoire
tildes~tilde
underline's~souligner ce
inkiest~inkiest
wiseguys~wiseguys
Americanisation~américanisation
fallacies~fallacies
hove~hove
pa~Pennsylvanie
Barton~Barton
prior's~prieur
chip~puce
connote~connoter
forming~forming
trouble's~troubles
gerrymanders~gerrymanders
complexioned~complexioned
Makarios's~Années Makarios
chain's~Chaînes
privation's~de privation
genesis's~genesis's
breasts~seins
avouching~avouching
mirthfulness's~de la Gaîté
Bush~Buisson
scabbier~scabbier
fraudulence~fraudulence
doppelgangers~doppelgangers
sinner's~pécheur de
perambulates~perambulates
nightmare's~cauchemars
hustling~bousculant
irrationality's~irrationalité de
oceanic's~de océaniques
caricature~caricature
shortsightedness~imprévoyance
Aborigine~Aborigène
savvy~jugeote
carhop~carhop
openwork~ajour
putout's~putout de
Lebesgue's~Lebesgue de
mists~brumes
prostitute's~les prostituées
horseshoe's~fer à cheval de
crucifixes~crucifixes
output~sortie
possessing~possédant
jocosity~joie
creed's~creed's
tactic~tactique
schussboomer's~schussboomer de
role~rôle
spitefuller~spitefuller
overlain~recouverte
adjudicated~tranchée
bit's~morceaux
consumes~consumes
backbite~médire
posterior's~postérieure de
extinguishes~extinguishes
Th's~th de
Rigoberto's~Rigoberto de
parader's~Parader de
averse~aversion
vest~gilet
suggestive~suggestif
transformation~transformation
primitive~primitif
dehumidify~dehumidify
conquerable~conquerable
viscosity~viscosité
movie's~films
carnivorous~carnivore
dice~dice
dowry~dowry
Dianne~Dianne
Yekaterinburg~Ekaterinbourg
barricade~barricade
bibliophile's~bibliophile de
sweltering~étouffant
catnip's~cataire de
puppet~fantoche
patterned~à motifs
subtenants~sous-locataire
interracial~interracial
expeditionary~expeditionary
coverall~coverall
corundum~corundum
escapade's~escapade's
Wollstonecraft~Wollstonecraft
educ~educ
abseiled~abseiled
exhausts~exhausts
daze~daze
Zworykin~Zworykin
palmed~palmé
upheaval~bouleversement
fl~fl
philippic's~philippique de
Susanna~Susanna
pars~Pars
drilling~drilling
Lexus's~Lexus de
payment~Paiement
backdated~avec effet rétroactif
campaigner's~militant de
espaliering~espaliering
maltier~malté
Agnes's~AGNES de
elliptical~elliptical
allow~permettre
chaplain~aumônier
mediating~la médiation
comradely~comradely
weepier~weepier
promenading~flânant
Ron~Ron
Talmud~Talmud
hairsplitting~hairsplitting
mensuration~mesurage
saddled~sellé
blackamoor~blackamoor
changeling's~Changeling de
wandered~errait
elite~elite
Sand~Le sable
Snake's~Serpents
demography's~demography's
examination~examination
Penny~Penny
eglantines~eglantines
uncorrelated~décorrélé
inconsiderately~inconsidérément
Moor's~Moor de
Golda~Golda
reshuffles~remaniements
honeycomb~rayon de miel
aver~Aver
Sontag~Sontag
titanium~titane
seabed~fond marin
monosyllable~monosyllabe
mired~embourbé
expiates~expiates
TVs~téléviseurs
maternity~maternité
uterus~utérus
Pentium's~Pentium de
saurian~saurien
hamstring's~hamstring's
hopefuls~hopefuls
decayed~decayed
luxurious~luxueux
paternalism's~paternalisme de
Granada's~Grenade de
blizzards~tempêtes de neige
volatilise~volatiliser
capo~capo
defensiveness~defensiveness
reconstruction's~reconstruction de
kaisers~Kaisers
recook~recuire
sylphlike~sylphide
introspection's~de l'introspection
relocating~la relocalisation
lash~fouetter
Paiutes~Paiutes
provoke~provoquer
tailor's~tailleur
philologist's~philologue de
madrigals~madrigaux
palmetto's~Palmetto de
sobriquet~sobriquet
labouring~travaillant
vanities~vanités
DiMaggio~DiMaggio
gunnysacks~gunnysacks
sinning~péchant
salutation~salutation
evangelically~evangelically
recorders~enregistreurs
indigestion~indigestion
ligament~ligament
snitch~mouchard
sulkiness's~bouderie de
gasworks~gasworks
entrees~entrees
mewls~Mewls
carousal~beuverie
Mauro's~Mauro de
behaviour's~comportements
Kansas~Kansas
halite~halite
ore's~minerai de
incinerating~incinérant
hollyhocks~trémières
finger's~finger's
Lloyd's~Lloyd
Cranach's~Cranach de
gnome's~gnome's
Olivetti~Olivetti
speleology~spéléologie
bumblers~gaffeurs
mesh~engrener
seashell's~coquillage de
docklands~docklands
shellfire's~shellfire de
hibernators~hibernants
aerosol's~aérosol de
newsreaders~newsreaders
escalates~escalates
starch's~amidon de
Augustus~Auguste
deathtrap~deathtrap
multiplexers~multiplexeurs
sunders~Sunders
chiefs~chefs
ebulliently~ebulliently
car's~des voitures
upholds~confirme
wagtails~bergeronnettes
geekiest~geekiest
conditions~conditions
narrating~narrant
Augustinian~augustin
fourposter~fourposter
Carborundum's~carborundum de
thiamine~thiamine
axle's~essieu de
allegretto's~Allegretto de
Leblanc~Leblanc
shutterbug's~de Shutterbug
Adonises~adonis
someone's~quelques uns
loiters~flâne
travails~travails
discourages~discourages
young~Jeune
Memphis~Memphis
lonesome~solitaire
squeamishness's~de sensiblerie
altarpiece~retable
fum~fum
Tokugawa~Tokugawa
taiga~taïga
blandish~flatter
Davis~Davis
filigreed~filigreed
crofting~crofting
mallows~mallows
Edgar~Edgar
elephant's~elephant's
eightieth~eightieth
narrator~narrateur
habitation's~habitation's
Cadiz's~Cadix de
quo~quo
gatecrashing~gatecrashing
contributors~contributors
loopy~ravagé
assignment's~cession de
reoccupying~Y REVENIR
twister's~de twister
husk's~brou de
dozes~dozes
corroboratory~corroboratory
canniness's~de canniness
trimly~trimly
perpendicularity~perpendicularité
generating~generating
conscientious~consciencieux
viva~vive
ringleader~meneur
footprint's~footprint's
anion's~anion de
hind's~hind
agronomists~ingénieurs agronomes
housetop's~de housetop
manged~manged
remake~refaire
speculatively~spéculativement
acclimating~acclimater
clammily~clammily
claret's~claret de
pend~Pend
Faisal's~Faisal de
underacts~underacts
discontents~discontents
fishbowl's~fishbowl's
Niamey's~Niamey de
linking~mise en relation
hacked~hacked
looser~looser
astrophysics's~Années Astrophysique
Alsatian~alsacien
Haynes~Haynes
markup~balisage
Singaporeans~Singapouriens
noble's~nobles de
thumbed~fait un pied
schnook's~schnook de
circuity's~circuity de
six's~six de
incriminatory~compromettant
reaper~moissonneuse
cozenage's~cozenage's
nonobservant~non-pratiquants
dolls~dolls
bf~bf
prats~Prats
infrastructure~Infrastructure
breakfasts~petits-déjeuners
assignee's~cessionnaire de
mortified~mortifié
straightforwardly~sans détour
Krishna's~Krishna
hammer~hammer
clotheshorse's~de étendoir
Cindy~Cindy
Nautilus~Nautile
silhouette's~silhouette de
Rooney~Rooney
Preakness~Preakness
sauropod~sauropode
ulna~cubitus
baa's~de baa
scum's~écume de
mistresses~maitresses
toiler's~de tâcheron
antithetic~antithétique
Moran's~Moran
Wilton~Wilton
motorman~motorman
adrenal~surrénal
misogamists~misogamists
traction~traction
consolable~consolable
tats~tats
debut~debut
tenable~défendable
discharged~discharged
justify~justifier
nematode's~nématode du
plug~prise de courant
tinker's~Tinker de
Armagnac's~Armagnac de
Cavour~Cavour
chronicle~la chronique
dirty~dirty
melanges~melanges
parkour~Parkour
basks~dore
pd~pd
slackers~slackers
doggy~doggy
Chile's~Chili de
persiflage~persiflage
neglectfulness~neglectfulness
programme's~programmes
inflexibility's~inflexibilité de
irked~contrarié
Rosanne~Rosanne
deviated~deviated
amusements~divertissements
Calderon~Calderon
dentistry's~dentistry's
curacao~curacao
Wilhelm~Wilhelm
Moriarty~Moriarty
friary~friary
escaroles~escaroles
rending~déchirante
foist~foist
word~mot
beeches~hêtres
disloyalty's~disloyalty's
sockeyes~Sockeyes
menses's~Années menstrues
encamping~encamping
homesick~le mal du pays
ceramic~céramique
rut~rut
Brownie~Lutin
predesignates~predesignates
heartbreaking~déchirant
semanticists~sémanticiens
poetesses~poétesses
aerodynamic~aérodynamique
dopa~dopa
maxim~maxime
backup's~sauvegarde de
Internet~l'Internet
inaccessibility's~de l'inaccessibilité
Kunming~Kunming
decorum's~decorum's
Mmes~mmes
illustrating~illustrant
vols~vol
blindest~aveugle
Kirinyaga~Kirinyaga
indigence's~de l'indigence
cellists~violoncellistes
theses~thèses
Senegalese's~sénégalais de
independent's~iNDÉPENDANTES
Antoninus~antoninus
McIntyre's~McIntyre de
tillable~cultivable
semiretired~semiretired
Ola's~Ola de
Pat~Tapoter
shrimper~crevettier
psychoanalytical~psychanalytiques
Cesarean's~césarienne de
Adonis~Adonis
nonautomotive~non automobiles
graffito's~graffito's
Winkle's~Winkle de
freesias~freesias
saleroom~saleroom
palominos~palominos
bloodbaths~carnages
S's~S de
detracting~detracting
Afghanistan~Afghanistan
fattiness's~fattiness's
Librium~Librium
barbwire's~barbwire de
murkiness~murkiness
accustoming~habituant
milkmaid~trayeuse
napalms~napalms
approach~approche
racegoer~racegoer
soprano's~soprano de
aghast~atterré
groundswell~groundswell
heritage's~patrimoine de
stigmatic~stigmatique
digressions~digressions
cloudiest~plus nuageux
coxswain's~coxswain's
acoustic~acoustique
shiner~œil au beurre noir
Laotians~Laotiens
Sega~Sega
stalactite's~Années stalactites
unconsciousness~inconscience
epitaphs~epitaphs
sugarcoats~sugarcoats
sidelining~mise à l'écart
tieback's~Embrasse de
faultfinding~faultfinding
inject~injecter
lapin's~Lapine de
Geraldine~Géraldine
intergovernmental~intergouvernemental
breakups~dissolutions
slayed~slayed
illustrator~illustrateur
unhappiness's~le malheur de
knockoffs~knockoffs
Islam~Islam
Wolfe's~Wolfe
unconformable~unconformable
ride~balade
nattiness's~nattiness de
HBO's~HBO
grubbiness's~grubbiness's
Tarantino's~Tarantino
workflows~workflows
blearily~blearily
snapshot's~instantané de
dicey~dicey
finish's~finish's
oddments~oddments
Guayaquil's~Guayaquil de
martyr's~martyr
finagler~finagler
Helene's~d'Hélène
narcotising~narcotiques
undue~indu
abnormalities~anomalies
inopportune~inopportun
thrall's~Thrall
Cleveland's~Cleveland de
Bhopal's~Bhopal de
laving~laving
Genet~Genêt
BIOS~BIOS
tramways~tramways
cultivator's~cultivator's
joyrode~joyrode
neglect~négligence
towline~câble de remorquage
contriver~contriver
expressive~expressive
stockinette's~stockinette de
opens~ouvre
roadrunners~roadrunners
establishment's~establishment's
excision's~excision's
lamination's~lamination de
Tagore~Tagore
misspell~mal orthographier
fictitiously~fictitiously
beanie's~Beanie
sect's~secte de
liturgical~liturgique
triangulate~trianguler
asterisk's~astérisque de
Matt's~Matt
instep's~cambrure de
Van's~fOURGON
fornication's~fornication's
unionise~syndicaliser
nab~épingler
guerrilla's~guerrilla's
cuckolding~cuckolding
hesitance~hésitation
sepulchral~sépulcral
shrink's~réduire de
Magnitogorsk~Magnitogorsk
Clarence~Clarence
dulcet~dulcet
steepness~abrupt
throughway's~de Throughway
bazillion~bazillion
recovers~récupère
penning~penning
brownout's~arrêt partiel de
truck~un camion
narrative~récit
hooters~Hooters
honker's~honker de
encumbrances~encumbrances
satisfied~satisfait
slide's~glissière de
Francisco's~Francisco de
latrine~latrine
Bierce's~Bierce de
monolithic~monolithique
presage's~présagent de
engravers~engravers
bridges~des ponts
nuisances~nuisances
sixtieth's~soixantième de
flippancy~flippancy
raconteur's~de raconteur
haploids~haploids
guesswork~guesswork
block~bloc
howitzer's~obusier de
transshipping~transborder
mud~boue
verbosity~verbosité
distinctest~distinctest
placard's~affiche de
millennia~millénaires
macerate~macérer
lousiest~lousiest
etas~etas
surprisingly~étonnamment
revue's~revue de
flopping~flopping
Tirolean~tyrolien
mezzos~mezzos
pees~pees
secessionist's~sécessionniste de
fizz~fizz
bayonet's~baïonnette de
heights~hauteurs
RISC~RISC
Longfellow~Longfellow
forgivable~forgivable
escalations~escalations
trove's~trove de
guttersnipe~guttersnipe
whiteout's~whiteout de
teaspoonfuls~cuillerées à thé
Dodge's~Dodge de
dreariest~dreariest
relay~relais
cervix's~col de
kaiser~kaiser
spryness's~de spryness
Carrillo's~Carrillo
nonintellectuals~nonintellectuals
nix~rien
tussock~touffe d'herbe
somerset~SOMERSET
jeremiad~jérémiade
curbs~curbs
surceased~surceased
Naples~Naples
noncorrosive~non corrosif
tilde~tilde
bears~ours
unconsciously~inconsciemment
brine's~de la saumure
Slater~Couvreur
powering~alimentation
hesitatingly~avec hésitation
tidiness~propreté
deprecates~deprecates
tyrannous~tyrannique
Marine's~Marine de
demotes~demotes
snowfall's~Chutes de neige
courteously~courteously
snapdragon's~muflier de
rowed~ramé
excavator's~excavator's
ranees~ranees
greengrocer's~greengrocer's
essay~essay
pilasters~pilastres
Julius's~Julius de
purposelessly~purposelessly
remembrance~souvenir
angel's~anges
selenium's~de sélénium
handlebars~handlebars
disfigures~disfigures
thingamabob~Thingamabob
hotted~hotted
nativity's~nativité de
largo's~largo de
remarries~remarie
slops~ordures
Tropicana's~Tropicana de
hectare's~hectare de
Ferguson's~Ferguson
chaffing~chaffing
stabilising~stabilisation
Lanka's~LANKA
Ustinov's~Ustinov de
Froissart's~Froissart de
prevention~la prévention
consent~consentement
Dmitri's~Dmitri de
courtesy's~courtesy's
Pythagoras's~Pythagore de
hairlike~hairlike
preconception's~préconceptions
recycled~recyclé
partition~cloison
underpay~sous-payer
attestations~attestations
hypnotising~hypnotisant
photofinishing~photofinishing
ravishingly~ravishingly
relational~relationnel
discuses~discuses
persiflage's~de persiflage
seducer's~séducteur de
pegs~chevilles
carload~charge d'un wagon
ventilating~ventilation
Thorpe's~Thorpe
Hyde's~Hyde de
truancy~absentéisme
pastorate's~de pastorat
softly~doucement
gibber~gibber
roarer's~roarer de
Elvin's~Elvin de
butler's~Butler
Carlin~Carlin
science's~les sciences
vibrating~vibrant
tortillas~tortillas
smelled~avait une odeur
laundering~blanchissage
calendaring~calendrier
start's~départs
appetiser~apéritif
cellphone~téléphone portable
Guernsey's~Guernsey de
stewed~cuit
articulateness~articulateness
crease~crease
Audi's~d'Audi
insouciance's~de l'insouciance
projects~projets
tench~tanche
spryly~spryly
insulators~isolants
squad's~équipe de
outmoded~démodé
molest~molester
typeface~caractères
stripteased~stripteased
Beatty~Beatty
probated~homologuer
mailers~mailers
rompers~barboteuse
Preakness's~Preakness de
dock's~dock's
Pantaloon~Pantalon
upwards~vers le haut
fainter~fainter
docility's~docility's
fluorocarbon~fluorocarbon
penalised~pénalisé
transvestite~travesti
buntings~bruants
introvert~introverti
scaliest~scaliest
megapixel's~mégapixels de
marl~marne
hydrodynamics's~de hydrodynamiques
deliberations~deliberations
carriages~voitures
stipple's~Années pointillées
lutanist~luthiste
biographer~biographe
spaciest~spaciest
Garibaldi~Garibaldi
deviltry~deviltry
untenable~intenable
Hohenlohe~Hohenlohe
Segovia~Segovia
moderator's~modérateur de
gees~gees
reanalyses~réanalyses
hamburg~hamburg
assaulter~agresseur
doctorate~doctorate
Endymion's~de Endymion
unlocks~déverrouille
despite~despite
prolongations~allongements
safeguarded~sauvegardé
Pentecosts~pentecôtes
fulminates~fulminates
Arbitron~Arbitron
instalment~tranche
executes~executes
tribalism's~de tribalisme
confidentiality's~la confidentialité de
foot~foot
slobbing~slobbing
customer~customer
adequacy~adéquation
attitudes~attitudes
Anglicism's~anglicisme de
sincerest~sincerest
lowlier~lowlier
Neva~Neva
dopiness~dopiness
attackers~attaquants
dado~dado
Carter~Charretier
toenail's~ongle du pied de
blackguard~canaille
fuller's~fuller's
insistence~insistance
Hillel~Hillel
thrashings~raclées
armrest~accoudoir
cormorants~cormorants
prepossess~prévenir
advised~informé
fatten~fatten
supplementing~complétant
gumshoe~gumshoe
joule~joule
schoolbags~sacs d'école
megalopolises~mégapoles
paragon's~paragon de
reprograms~reprogramme
bespeak~commander
pyorrhoea's~pyorrhée de
yelp~japper
Berliner's~Berliner de
discreditable~discreditable
accelerator~accélérateur
dauntlessness's~dauntlessness's
recto's~de recto
repudiation's~répudiation de
spindled~monobroche
envoy~envoy
delusions~delusions
Jivaro~Jivaro
truckers~camionneurs
bodybuilder~bodybuilder
adduced~produite
lightweight's~de légers
Fukuyama's~Fukuyama
harelipped~harelipped
sublime~sublime
gymnasts~gymnasts
frothier~frothier
locates~localise
ribbing~côtes
commies~commies
sinks~éviers
impaired~facultés affaiblies
Pippin~Pomme reinette
blemish's~imperfections de
destructing~destructing
bootblack's~bootblack de
past~passé
Melpomene~Melpomène
potent~puissant
hideaway's~refuge de
authenticates~authentifie
human~Humain
rephrasing~reformulation
Epiphany's~épiphanie de
eclecticism~eclecticism
reappraised~réévaluées
enuresis~enuresis
Smuts's~Années Smuts
babe~bébé
flash~flash
taxicabs~taxis
Friday~Vendredi
Nichols's~Nichols de
sugarcoated~enduit de sucre
soonest~le plus bientôt
addressee's~destinataire de
nucleic~nucléique
humidifier~humidificateur
McAdam~McAdam
bulkhead's~cloison de
batch's~lot de
plimsoll~Plimsoll
hardhat's~hardhat's
FSF~FSF
sole~Unique
ivy's~Ivy
roasts~rôtit
regulatory~réglementaire
suet~graisse de rognon
airspace's~l'espace aérien de
overgeneralising~overgeneralising
kilotons~kilotonnes
frigid~frigid
Bizet's~Bizet
PT~PT
soundlessly~soundlessly
Y~Y
digit's~digit's
dado's~dado's
overabundance~surabondance
Lufthansa's~Lufthansa de
Ware~marchandises
graphologist's~graphologist's
connive~fermer les yeux
tautness's~de tiraillement
floated~floated
ashiest~ashiest
duke's~duke's
cleanliness~propreté
Jurassic's~de Jurassic
beast's~bêtes
gruesome~gruesome
goriest~goriest
ritualistically~rituellement
magnifying~grossissante
Sverdlovsk~Sverdlovsk
ministrant~ministrant
hucksterism~boniments
seq~seq
calibrators~calibreurs
isotherm's~Années Isotherme
nosegays~nosegays
felicities~felicities
faction~faction
dodges~dodges
copycat's~copycat's
blather's~baratin de
audiotape's~cassette audio de
ganders~ganders
faddist~faddist
forestalls~forestalls
syndrome~syndrome
grebes~grebes
seascape's~Années Seascape
Putin~Poutine
tore~déchira
Cunningham~Cunningham
misjudges~méjuge
Lamont's~Lamont
espadrille's~espadrille's
mincer~hachoir
taffy's~taffy
Italians~Italiens
revulsion~dégoût
convoluted~convoluted
wanting~vouloir
KC~KC
magistrate's~magistrat de
inhibitors~inhibiteurs
Quirinal~Quirinal
purged~purgé
exiles~exiles
preconceived~préconçu
fills~fills
skimmers~écumoires
gruff~gruff
mildewed~moisie
raper~raper
adverting~faisant allusion
hey~Hey
blowhards~blowhards
aglow~embrasé
dippers~dippers
boom's~essor de
whitey's~Whitey
mangy~galeux
manholes~trous d'homme
Kiel~Kiel
mimicry's~Années mimique
epistolary~epistolary
soldering~soudure
deriding~deriding
jaunting~jaunting
Leann's~Leann de
guileless~guileless
labyrinth's~labyrinthe des années
carnivorously~carnivorously
means~veux dire
saucepan~casserole
seeping~suintant
gravies~gravies
roguishness~coquinerie
toddies~grogs
cossetted~cossetted
tartness's~âcreté de
Cabral~Cabral
frightening~frightening
when's~quand est-ce
Acapulco's~Acapulco de
shoeshine's~de cirage de chaussures
Jana~Jana
confederation~confédération
comb's~peigne de
squeakiness's~squeakiness de
animosities~animosités
courtesans~courtesans
timekeeper~chronométreur
fellowship~fellowship
ovate~ovoïde
marauded~maraudé
mirth's~Années Mirth
indebtedness's~l'endettement de
Fujiyama's~Fujiyama de
Guayaquil~Guayaquil
costumes~costumes
shibboleth~schibboleth
prancer's~Furie de
slimmers~slimmers
thumbprint's~thumbprint de
Hemingway~Hemingway
declarations~declarations
tiler's~carreleur de
blueberries~myrtilles
Anglia's~Anglia de
Morley~Morley
ounce's~once de
alloying~alliation
processional's~processionnelle de
cubicle~cubicle
struggled~lutté
jinx~Jinx
cagiest~cagiest
praetor~praetor
Davidson's~Davidson
repartee's~de la repartie
grand~grand
rabbit's~lapins
Lindbergh's~Lindbergh
Iowan~iowan
uninvited~sans invitation
Chester~Chester
advance~avance
terabyte's~de téraoctet
Mahayanist~mahayaniste
doggedness's~doggedness's
expectation's~expectation's
motherliness~motherliness
Kirghistan~Kirghistan
lamenting~déplorant
bantam's~bantam de
chic's~chic et de
tonged~tonged
apportioned~répartis
forager~forager
Chloe~Chloe
Daniels's~Daniels de
effectiveness's~effectiveness's
pesky~sale
gland~gland
Stravinsky~Stravinsky
monopolised~monopolisé
lepton~lepton
dipsos~dipsos
link's~des liens
smiths~serruriers
bargaining~marchandage
abnegate~renoncer à
perfidious~perfide
premieres~premières
hordes~hordes
sheaf~gerbe
leasehold's~Fond de commerce de
Alhambra's~Alhambra de
interior~intérieur
thins~amincit
kitty's~Kitty
Lind~Lind
agenda's~ordre du jour de
damnation~damnation
courtier~courtier
antebellum~antebellum
femininity~femininity
garnishees~garnishees
entities~entities
fattening~fattening
touchings~attouchements
indignities~indignités
architectural~architectural
lasso's~Années Lasso
remands~détentions provisoires
curmudgeons~curmudgeons
Medicaid~assistance médicale aux indigents
soccer's~soccer
kg~kg
unfriends~unfriends
mansion's~maison de
sausage~saucisse
appellate~d'appel
wish's~souhait de
Wharton's~Wharton
unconstitutionality's~inconstitutionnel de
equipoise~equipoise
rapaciously~rapacité
oafishness's~de oafishness
misinforming~mauvaise information
ribbed~à nervure
glorification's~glorification's
robotises~robotises
misappropriates~appropriation indue
prosecution~poursuite
mercenaries~mercenaires
Cabot~Cabot
surrounded~entouré
demesne's~demesne's
back's~est de retour
onus's~fardeau de la preuve de
Jude~Jude
Brown's~Brown
pyorrhoea~pyorrhée
spectrometer~spectromètre
outweighs~l'emporte
soundings~sondages
splitting's~de séparation
apostate~apostat
confidential~confidentiel
daytime~daytime
couches~couches
remand~renvoi
brute~brute
infuriated~exaspéré
remarriages~remariages
insecurity~insécurité
telecasting~télédiffusion
ratted~ratted
dormouse~dormouse
flaky~flaky
sportsmanlike~sportif
desirable~desirable
molests~moleste
preteen's~années pré-adolescents
certifications~certifications
Hunt~Chasse
remeasured~nouveau mesurée
stabilised~stabilisé
opportunity's~occasion de
Gomorrah's~Gomorrhe de
grabbed~grabbed
peer's~peer
awkwardest~awkwardest
Synge~Synge
subs~sous-marins
triad's~triade de
Moloch's~Moloch de
Dominica~Dominique
Decker~Decker
stripling~adolescent
surmountable~surmontable
dithers~dithers
molar's~molaire de
ROFL~ROFL
Wolff's~Wolff
backbitten~backbitten
unavailable~indisponible
weapon's~armes
marcher~marcheur
mt~mt
forward's~forward's
Georges~Georges
green's~green's
Holder~Titulaire
squinted~louchait
Chandragupta~Candragupta
scaleless~scaleless
hockey's~hockeyeurs
fluorine~fluorine
leghorns~Leghorn
broth's~bouillon années
Whitehead's~Whitehead
auguring~augurant
omelettes~omelettes
Mills's~Mills de
entertainers~entertainers
jibe~moquerie
leaved~feuilles
endeavour's~endeavour's
LA~LA
dibble's~dibble's
Arkansan~arkansan
slider's~curseur de
pinioning~éjointage
captured~capturé
earths~earths
NASCAR~NASCAR
sacked~limogé
piety~piété
plurality~pluralité
chlorofluorocarbon's~de chlorofluorocarbone
wastefulness's~de prodigalité
codpiece~braguette
kettledrum~timbale
moonshine's~Années Moonshine
scherzo's~scherzo de
I~je
Juana~Juana
dickered~dickered
sofas~canapés
idiosyncratic~particulier
Tonya's~Tonya de
Sykes's~Sykes de
airman~aviateur
potentiates~potentialise
interventionists~interventionnistes
potholers~spéléologues
incontestability's~incontestabilité de
affording~offrant
high~haute
decline's~decline's
crockery's~crockery's
nerveless~sans nerfs
variability's~la variabilité de
cols~Col.
gormandiser~gormandiser
honourer's~honourer de
Rosalinda~Rosalinda
woodsier~plus boisé
Rembrandt's~Rembrandt
computer's~des ordinateurs
lumberman~bûcheron
vicarious~délégué
winter~hiver
Tell~Dire
outproduce~outproduce
coaxed~cajolé
jargon~jargon
steep's~de raides
becalming~becalming
Giacometti's~Giacometti
impolitic~impolitique
villein~vilain
rolls~Rouleaux
clodhoppers~godillots
beauts~Beauts
enc~enc
wimpled~wimpled
parable's~parabole de
coffer's~batardeau de
sim~sim
overloads~surcharges
townspeople's~de gens de la ville
spared~épargné
pairing~appariement
offending~incriminé
entirety's~entirety's
peristalsis's~Années péristaltisme
walkabout~bain de foule
clued~clued
suffusing~imprégnant
recessions~récessions
Jews~les Juifs
presently~actuellement
inch's~pouces de
signalling~signalisation
Palmerston~Palmerston
Wong~Wong
kinsfolk~parenté
Maalox~Maalox
dong~dong
Zanuck's~Zanuck de
weltered~velté
Wuhan~Wuhan
Prentice~Prentice
monolith's~années monolithe
overwrought~excédé
arrange~organiser
clashing~heurté
trisection's~de trisection
billowed~tournoyait
reevaluation's~de révaluation
chalkboard's~de tableau
ransacks~pille
Cinderella~Cendrillon
device's~device's
ballgirl~ballgirl
melancholy's~mélancolie
headshrinker's~de Headshrinker
converter's~converter's
vagary's~vagary de
eminence's~eminence's
Marceau's~Marceau
pretence's~feintise de
cottontails~cottontails
glassblowers~glassblowers
transcendence's~de la transcendance
Scandinavians~pays scandinaves
subverts~subvertit
idlest~plus paresseux
shrewd~astucieux
frustrations~frustrations
manipulable~manipulable
resourcefully~resourcefully
unauthenticated~unauthenticated
petrifies~pétrifie
renegotiation~renégociation
vapoury~vaporeux
Cruise~Croisière
nursemaid's~de nursemaid
gossipers~gossipers
ageratum's~ageratum de
hardening~hardening
innovations~innovations
hullers~décortiqueuses
waterhole's~point d'eau de
singe~roussir
poodle's~caniche de
boardinghouse's~Boardinghouse de
VT~Vermont
whelmed~whelmed
insurance~Assurance
cookbook's~cookbook's
perish~périr
calling's~appelant de
tailoring's~de couture
tailors~tailleurs
Peg's~Peg de
disfigurement's~disfigurement's
refolds~se replie
misogyny~misogynie
walkovers~walkovers
censurer~blâmeur
autos~autos
manufacturer's~fabricant
mannishness~mannishness
swards~gazons
Theosophy's~théosophie de
Nkrumah's~Nkrumah
adenoid~adénoïdes
intractably~irréductiblement
corseted~corseted
cancelled~annulé
foolishness's~foolishness's
prospectus's~prospectus de
whispers~chuchotements
Proust's~Proust
black's~noir de
purlieu's~abords
Marine~Marin
spooking~spooking
unframed~unframed
manse~presbytère
Leghorn's~leghorn de
beavered~beavered
snowflakes~flocons de neige
biped's~bipède de
scabbards~fourreaux
hied~hied
milieu~milieu
terror's~de la terreur
Goldwater~Goldwater
Livingstone~Livingstone
Aegean~égéen
suntan's~hâle de
archduke's~archiduc de
reconsideration~réexamen
celeriac~raves
intentional~intentionnel
coeval's~de même âge
Cheri's~Chéri de
paterfamiliases~paterfamiliases
comfit's~confit de
HF~HF
mini~mini
stipulated~stipulé
misprinting~erreurs d'impression
disintegrating~disintegrating
Kannada~kannada
Rutan's~Rutan de
vomiting~vomissement
cashed~encaissé
calculates~calcule
earplug~earplug
inventively~inventive
Picasso's~Picasso
haggle's~haggle's
excremental~excremental
Laverne~Laverne
Olson's~Olson
crucible~crucible
krill~krill
crust's~crust's
majority~majorité
ink~encre
Raul~Raul
theorised~théorisé
counterfeit~counterfeit
segments~segments
transact~traiter
frivolously~frivolously
Rotarian~Rotarien
frostings~frostings
hydro's~hydro de
pardoner~pardoner
psychoses~psychoses
cantata~cantate
reincarnated~réincarné
junkyard's~de ferrailleur
upliftings~upliftings
Addie's~Addie de
Averroes's~Années Averroes
exhibitions~exhibitions
zaniness~loufoquerie
generalising~generalising
runner's~coureur
phylacteries~phylactères
motorises~MOTORISES
cowlicks~cowlicks
sparky~sparky
Hunspell's~hunspell de
boinks~boinks
forwardest~forwardest
dankness's~dankness's
meld's~meld de
Kremlinology~kremlinologie
dogleg's~dogleg's
notice~remarquer
callower~callower
parachutists~parachutiste
table's~les tables
thick~épais
enamel's~enamel's
servitor's~de servitor
counterintelligence~counterintelligence
minnow's~vairon de
Wheatstone~Wheatstone
woodbine's~de Woodbine
testicles~testicules
bevelled~biseauté
marital~matrimonial
incrustation's~entartrage de
spellbinder~Spellbinder
hemispheres~hémisphères
sustainable~durable
nonphysical~nonphysical
drag's~drag's
effluent~effluent
Samantha~Samantha
imposition~imposition
Kaposi~Kaposi
reanimation~réanimation
herb~herbe
Nickelodeon's~Nickelodeon de
thrombosis~thrombose
machetes~machettes
blouses~chemisiers
Styx~Styx
lib~lib
auscultations~auscultations
odoriferous~odoriférant
Otto's~Otto
vanquished~vaincu
oracular~d'oracle
caviar's~caviar de
sandpaper's~de papier de verre de
Updike's~Updike de
Chicago's~Chicago de
unblinking~ciller
Brandt's~Brandt
vamoosing~vamoosing
tab's~onglet de
metronomes~métronomes
McLaughlin's~McLaughlin
monolingual's~de monolingues
velodrome~vélodrome
Siberian's~sibérien de
search's~Recherche
perched~perché
kitten's~chaton de
Yves~Yves
delightedly~delightedly
businesswomen~femme d'affaires
numeral~numéral
forklifts~forklifts
dyke~dyke
RBI~RBI
belletrist~belletrist
commune~communauté
showboat~Showboat
Mohammedanism's~mahométanisme de
Bolivians~Boliviens
quibbling~ergotage
futurism~futurism
droning~droning
down's~down's
trickiness's~de rouerie
deniability~deniability
flyspecks~flyspecks
saint~Saint
brisket~pointe de poitrine
snappiness's~de snappiness
persimmons~kakis
Plantagenet~Plantagenet
Purcell~Purcell
satiating~rassasiant
Kathrine's~Kathrine de
smilax~salsepareille
individuality~individualité
interconnects~interconnecte
prophesy's~prophétiser de
Antonius's~Antonius de
assessment's~évaluation de
Mallomars~Mallomars
amontillado~amontillado
brilliancy's~de l'éclat
tailback's~porteur de ballon de
businesspersons~businesspersons
level's~les niveaux
atrophy's~atrophie de
LPN's~LPN
stretchered~civière
congested~congestionné
tootles~Tootles
immensity~immensité
Tarazed's~Tarazed de
misaddresses~misaddresses
interactively~interactive
Coke's~coke de
unprovided~démuni
vasomotor~vasomoteurs
Winnipeg's~WINNIPEG
comes~vient
brainwaves~les ondes cérébrales
lane~voie
Libya's~La Libye de
Lubumbashi's~lubumbashi de
chippy~Chippy
presenter's~présentateur années
scatology~scatologie
oblong~oblong
benefits~avantages
tucking~plissage
freebases~freebases
Herod's~Hérode
Lyallpur~Lyallpur
oligarchical~oligarchique
animator~animateur
peke~Peke
hydrolyse~hydrolysent
painter~peintre
damsel's~damsel's
tremendously~énormément
shackles~chaînes
Rastaban's~Rastaban de
immorally~immoralement
ensnared~ensnared
snitching~Snitching
native's~natif de
Hickman's~Hickman
upstanding~droit
Romanies~Romanis
frostbitten~frostbitten
jugging~jugging
mediators~médiateurs
Biden's~Biden de
marlin~marlin
attributively~attributive
jells~Jells
pertly~pertly
Garrison's~Garrison de
meltdowns~effondrements
Sibelius~Sibelius
limber~souple
licensee~licencié
ballsy~ballsy
securing~fixation
bummest~bummest
Candide's~Candide de
winkle~bigorneau
overweight's~de surpoids
detainment's~detainment's
plat's~plat de
Masaryk's~Années Masaryk
letterhead~en-tête de lettre
branchlike~branchlike
unspeakable~indicible
idealism's~de l'idéalisme
staggered~échelonnées
sweep~balayage
Sendai~Sendai
fee's~fee's
was~était
hydroelectric~hydro-électrique
haltered~haltered
hasn't~n'a pas
aspired~aspirait
enriched~enriched
Dean~doyen
Christie~Christie
blocker~bloqueur
gloomier~gloomier
glare~glare
trustworthiest~trustworthiest
closely~étroitement
ataxia~ataxie
behaviourist~comportementaliste
loathsome~détestable
briar~bruyère
protrusion's~saillie de
DeGeneres~DeGeneres
reground~rebroyé
defeatists~defeatists
salesroom~salesroom
xii~xii
archbishoprics~archevêchés
aspirator~aspirateur
rs~rs
Bremen~Brême
bedding's~Linge de lit
Houston's~Houston de
solaces~SOLACES
lowbrows~lowbrows
fitfulness~fitfulness
Merrick~Merrick
threat~menace
disloyally~disloyally
foible~foible
incorporating~incorporation
oedema's~de l'œdème
schmaltz~Schmaltz
extendable~extendable
coenobite~cénobite
Leander~Léandre
attractable~attirable
acrylic's~acrylique de
Norplant's~Norplant de
manky~manky
creosoting~creosoting
Beck's~Beck
communist's~communiste de
portals~portails
toxins~toxines
feisty~feisty
Moog~Moog
Cotopaxi~Cotopaxi
blintze~blintze
Spartacus's~Spartacus de
descry~descry
restrooms~TOILETTES
behead~décapiter
democratic~democratic
Kane~Kane
briefly~brièvement
couple's~couple's
titivation's~de titivation
Hindustani's~Années hindoustani
unripe~vert
proxy~Procuration
redraw~redessiner
mono~mono
jonquil's~jonquille de
nitrogen~azote
Negroid~négroïde
scent's~parfum de
porgy~Porgy
brokenness's~de brisement
buzzword~buzzword
Blenheim's~Blenheim de
weightless~en état d'apesanteur
archest~archest
conch's~Années conque
thoughts~pensées
jug~cruche
serried~serré
CCTV~CCTV
happens~happens
decapitation~decapitation
abstractedly~distraitement
Art's~art de
farragoes~farragoes
tribeswoman's~de tribeswoman
vindications~apologies
silicon's~silicium de
Verdi's~Verdi
ternary~ternaire
Jacklyn~Jacklyn
catheter's~cathéter de
dean's~dean's
lubricator~graisseur
works~travaux
savanna~savane
malarkey's~malarkey de
tuberculin's~tuberculine de
tartness~acidité
Ariadne~Ariadne
breakdowns~pannes
salesladies~vendeuses
bigot's~bigot de
bleed~saigner
curvature's~curvature's
bucketed~buckets
considerations~considérations
Nielsen~Nielsen
saga~saga
glory's~glory's
maidenhood~maidenhood
pirate's~pirate
ejaculated~ejaculated
coalitionist's~de coalitionist
fizzing~fizzing
Mariupol~Mariupol
retrorocket's~de retrorocket
corns~corns
Afros~afros
inflame~enflammer
bitterest~amer
Mitsubishi's~Mitsubishi de
harnesses~harnais
denting~denting
Marduk's~Marduk de
edifices~edifices
Benetton~Benetton
scalawags~scalawags
unlikeliest~unlikeliest
calligrapher's~de calligraphe
astronautic~astronautique
modems~modems
moos~Moos
watertight~étanche
implanting~implantation
gateposts~gateposts
Marian~Marian
steeplechase's~steeple-chase de
confusingly~prêter à confusion
tides~les marées
matchmaking's~de mise en relation
bollixed~bollixed
jujitsu~jiu-jitsu
enlists~enlists
sidecar's~de sidecar
trialling~expérimentation
cankered~chancres
neurotics~névrosés
readership~lectorat
slaughterhouses~abattoirs
peregrine's~Peregrine
skill~compétence
preschool~préscolaire
magisterially~impérieusement
Zyuganov's~Ziouganov de
radially~radialement
leghorn~leghorn
flashiest~flashiest
hygienist~hygiéniste
DMD's~DMD de
Amelia~Amelia
sextuplets~sextuplés
transients~transitoires
mountaintops~sommet des montagnes
hummocky~bosselée
oxblood's~Années Oxblood
recrudescing~recrudescing
consignment's~envoi de
rabbeting~feuillure
peristaltic~péristaltique
coquettish~coquettish
entangle~entangle
quiescent~tranquille
nickel~nickel
poultry~la volaille
Heidi~Heidi
Antigone's~Antigone
unction~onction
baryon's~Années baryon
alphabet~alphabet
campfire's~feu de camp de
logbooks~carnets
nylons's~de nylons
pewits~pewits
sampler's~sampler de
workstations~postes de travail
Odell~Odell
maggot's~asticot de
loris's~Années loris
educationalists~educationalists
outreaching~outreaching
coastguards~garde-côtes
cosmic~cosmic
Sharp~Tranchant
racists~racistes
Javier~Javier
teletext~télétexte
ingloriously~sans gloire
hotter~plus chaud
dire~dire
serpentine's~serpentine de
lucubrating~lucubrating
appraisals~évaluations
issuance's~émission de
unaccredited~unaccredited
antiviral~antiviral
dishonourable~dishonourable
whenever~n'importe quand
produced~produit
Rhodes's~Rhodes de
satay~satay
colourisation's~colorisation de
Salvadoreans~Salvadoriens
radiosonde~radiosonde
Shirley~Shirley
subdivision's~subdivision de
sackers~Sackers
Durex~Durex
purger~purgeur
Chen~Chen
promise~promettre
vacuously~vacuously
pallidly~pallidly
busker~musicien ambulant
beginning's~commence
censors~censures
Syria's~Syrie
Quebec's~QUÉBÉCOISE
fairies~fairies
filthily~filthily
vulgarity's~de la vulgarité
remiss~négligent
seminarians~séminaristes
avalanche~avalanche
stutter~bégayer
solstice's~solstice de
wounds~blessures
absorbs~absorbe
Godel's~Godel de
unappealingly~unappealingly
carnelian's~de cornaline
hodgepodges~hodgepodges
Cortes's~Cortes de
compunction's~de componction
bicker~se chamailler
nonappearance~non-comparution
Pablo's~Pablo
dirtied~dirtied
Turkics~Turkics
sourpuss~sourpuss
bestowal's~l'effusion de
antelope's~de antilope
rearguards~arrière-garde
valuation's~évaluation de
diminutive's~diminutive's
regimens~régimes
acoustical~acoustique
gristmills~gristmills
highlight's~points forts
thrombosis's~thrombose de
culminate~culminate
owlets~chevêches
psychologically~psychologiquement
volunteers~bénévoles
ordained~ordonné
spanning~enjambant
Kuznets~Kuznets
initial's~initiales
haylofts~fenils
spooned~cueillie
Indonesian~indonésien
garbling~garbling
exampled~exampled
debauch~debauch
boffin~boffin
domiciles~domiciles
Montoya~Montoya
ornaments~ornements
theoretician~théoricien
foods~foods
passenger's~passagers de
birdbath~birdbath
eave's~eave's
Biko~Biko
gigabytes~gigabytes
depolarisation's~depolarisation's
offloading~déchargement
osmium~osmium
iota's~iota de
sputtered~pulvérisée
understandable~compréhensible
staged~mise en scène
geography~geography
took~a pris
oligarch~oligarque
explorations~explorations
thraldom's~thraldom de
glassful's~glassful's
implodes~implose
Nanak's~Nanak de
violinist~violoniste
lowland's~plaine de
valuable's~objets de valeur
galumphs~galumphs
frailer~frailer
uploaded~téléchargé
fulsomeness's~fulsomeness's
wickerwork~vannerie
strengthen~renforcer
hob's~plaque de
proximity~proximité
treacherous~perfide
supped~soupé
stationery~papeterie
expose~expose
Menominee~Menominee
drudge's~drudge's
annul~annuler
establishment~establishment
proverb's~les proverbes
rollovers~renversements
Lupe's~Lupe
copter's~copter's
anatomically~anatomiquement
seasonable~de saison
Turk's~Turk de
skinniness~skinniness
Sejong's~Sejong de
indemnifications~indemnisations
hesitation~hésitation
unsuspecting~sans méfiance
commands~commandes
overcoats~paletots
kippers~kippers
benefactions~libéralités
earshot~earshot
Roxy's~Roxy de
typesetting~composition
forfeiture~forfeiture
tasteless~insipide
Zzz~Zzz
IL~IL
intransigents~intransigeants
lights~lumières
neap~neap
outsize's~grandes tailles de
mortises~mortaises
emery's~emery's
resplendently~Témoignant
pointillist's~de pointilliste
regicide~régicide
liftoff's~liftoff de
Mesopotamia~Mésopotamie
Abel's~Abel
antipersonnel~antipersonnel
Malagasy~malgache
vacationed~vacationed
amenability~amenability
refinishes~Refinishes
escapism~escapism
mirages~mirages
gangways~gangways
sacrificially~sacrificiellement
browbeat~intimider
blame's~le blâme de
sorrow's~la douleur de
Gutenberg~Gutenberg
hardboard~hardboard
ravishment's~ravishment de
pee's~pee de
curvier~curvier
Astaire~Astaire
cambric's~batiste de
pitchfork~fourche à foin
Tabasco~Tabasco
pot~pot
Sheena's~Sheena de
migrants~migrants
stingy~avare
circumlocution~circonlocution
folkways~folkways
demeanour~demeanour
animating~animant
soundalikes~soundalikes
originals~originaux
pinochle~pinochle
guilt's~guilt's
firewalls~firewalls
Mayer's~Mayer
tempestuously~impétueusement
elitism~elitism
potter~potier
refraining~abstenant
semantically~sémantiquement
Dudley~Dudley
affected~affecté
slipper~pantoufle
rotisseries~rôtisseries
lieutenancy~lieutenance
Msgr~Mgr
Lubavitcher~Loubavitch
partisans~partisans
minxes~chipies
spathes~spathes
homo's~homo de
elixir's~elixir's
funniness's~funniness's
aloe's~aloès de
Thai~thaïlandais
coffeehouse~café
piquant~piquant
JD~JD
asters~asters
jackpots~jackpots
theme~thème
toolbox's~boîte à outils
nerved~nerved
Beaumarchais's~beaumarchais de
horizon~horizon
washable~lavable
Fundy's~de Fundy
zeal~zèle
Elizabethan~élisabéthain
controverted~controverted
Beebe's~Beebe de
sinkers~lests
Konrad's~Konrad
bleaching~blanchiment
scraggliest~scraggliest
gargoyle~gargoyle
foreshorten~foreshorten
crashing~crashing
firebrands~firebrands
portrayed~dépeint
discipleship~discipleship
shivery~frissonnant
pawls~cliquets
sacrosanctness's~sacrosanctness de
Lois~Lois
unpardonable~impardonnable
conspired~conspiré
deformations~deformations
urbanising~urbaniser
Priestley~Priestley
inadequate~inadéquat
Sagittarius's~Sagittaire de
laughter's~de rire
auricular~auriculaire
outbids~surenchérit
circuital~circuital
calligraphist~calligraphe
whiten~blanchir
pedicurists~pédicures
Spence~Spence
valentines~valentines
misconstrues~mauvaise interprétation
atone~expier
Cathleen~Cathleen
townsman~citadin
thundered~tonné
noontide~midi
goalie~goalie
exiguous~exiguous
Diann's~Diann de
MySpace~Mon espace
thalamus~thalamus
singeing~flambage
replaying~rejouant
endows~endows
isotropic~isotrope
Rasmussen's~Rasmussen
consignees~consignataires
wove~tissaient
glibber~glibber
beset~assaillir
obediently~obéissante
prefabrication's~préfabrication de
firs~firs
supplant~supplanter
mus~Mus
adulator's~de adulator
cataloguers~catalogueurs
insidiousness~insidiousness
headword~mot-clé
coffee~café
bullheadedness's~de entêtement
woodenest~woodenest
vats~cuves
manilla's~manille de
hurdler's~coureur de haies de
hombres~hombres
kludges~bidouilles
flytraps~flytraps
ceramist~céramiste
unpleasantly~désagréablement
Hindi's~hindi de
Zachery's~Zachery de
impressiveness's~de impressiveness
Chesterton~Chesterton
typewrote~typewrote
mitigates~atténue
broadcaster's~diffuseur de
homos~homos
paddler~pagayeur
educating~educating
sadomasochism's~de sadomasochisme
dam~dam
skint~Skint
Stonehenge's~Stonehenge de
courthouse's~courthouse's
recipe's~recettes
drizzling~drizzling
tumults~séditions
Hughes's~Hughes de
indigents~indigentes
crewel~crewel
poisoners~empoisonneurs
personal's~de personnel
hipster's~de taille basse
exorcists~exorcists
attenuation~atténuation
Holland's~holland de
mill~moulin
heterodoxy's~hétérodoxie de
Lochinvar~lochinvar
slitter~découpeuse
convent's~convent's
towelling~tissu éponge
counterbalanced~counterbalanced
knocked~frappé
harmoniousness's~harmoniousness de
mazurka~mazurka
bromide's~le bromure de
leukocytes~leucocytes
reunify~réunifier
sideburns's~Années Sideburns
shtick's~de shtick
interleukin's~interleukine de
skylarks~alouette
segfaults~segfaults
pale's~pâle de
homicide's~homicide de
summerhouses~summerhouses
Zhivago's~Jivago de
punks~punks
conciliator~conciliateur
plumply~plumply
Bahrain~Bahreïn
bronzing~bronzage
coffee's~cafés
individuates~individue
reemphasises~reemphasises
tarred~goudronnée
partisan~partisan
lignite's~lignite de
tomahawked~tomahawked
flutters~flutters
Stanislavsky~Stanislavski
mamma's~mamma de
jacket~veste
Kossuth's~Kossuth de
jumper~sauteur
nucleoli~nucléoles
blasphemously~blasphématoires
condemning~condamnant
submarine~sous-marin
geese~geese
TNT~TNT
silkier~silkier
wraparound's~wraparound de
goobers~goobers
islander's~Islander de
pike's~pike
mutational~mutationnel
Wurlitzer's~Wurlitzer de
illiberal~intolérant
outlining~décrivant
upsurged~upsurged
wriggles~tortille
observable~observable
coiffures~coiffures
readmitted~réadmis
badness's~de badness
Bourbon~Bourbon
gingers~gingers
haw~aubépine
gelding~gelding
Rostand~Rostand
prominently~en bonne place
profiteered~profiteered
perilled~perilled
affiances~affiances
Taiwan's~Taiwan
Carl's~abrc
Ares's~Ares de
calliopes~calliopes
carpentry~charpenterie
fauvists~fauvists
defecting~defecting
breadbasket~corbeille à pain
insulting~insultant
simulators~simulateurs
west's~ouest de
dickens~dickens
Hanson's~Hanson
Jansen's~Jansen
tarpaulin~bâche
Audrey~Audrey
balboa's~Années balboa
Wedgwood~Wedgwood
coccis~coccis
resurveys~enquêtes de contrôle
meed's~Années MEED
unreasoning~irraisonnée
impart~donner
tuppence~tuppence
Waco~Waco
Engels~Engels
pauses~pauses
Liechtensteiner~Liechtensteiner
Alcuin's~Alcuin de
twinkles~scintillements
pill~pilule
Yule~Noël
cruciform~cruciform
stain~tache
Haldane's~Haldane de
Hohokam~Hohokam
unconverted~non converti
Varese~Varese
Faisalabad~Faisalabad
choice's~les choix
cosiest~cosiest
bridgehead's~tête de pont de
Amaterasu~Amaterasu
cone's~cône de
Phobos's~Années Phobos
leggings~leggings
Onsager's~Onsager de
oration~discours solennel
superannuates~Superannuates
militated~militaient
scofflaw~scofflaw
synchronises~Synchronise
Hilda~Hilda
hardheartedness~hardheartedness
rectangle's~Années rectangle
cantankerously~cantankerously
semidetached~semidetached
tarsal~tarsien
hydrant~bouche d'incendie
cohabitants~cohabitants
hippest~plus branché
monocotyledonous~monocotylédones
pasterns~métacarpes
ambulatory~ambulatoire
weened~weened
Bakelite's~bakélite de
cougars~cougars
check's~chèque de
tiller~taller
distances~distances
explanations~explanations
sanatoriums~sanatoriums
reorientation's~réorientation de
windfall~aubaine
inequity~iniquité
Vespucci~Vespucci
adjective's~adjectifs
ballasting~lestage
Uniroyal~Uniroyal
miming~miming
Anacin~Anacin
Thomson~Thomson
costed~costed
birther's~birther de
sink~évier
separatism~séparatisme
recreational~loisirs
gold~gold
crosscurrents~crosscurrents
valedictory's~discours d'adieu de
abominably~abominablement
suicide~suicide
Jayapura~Jayapura
lido~piscine
disparagement~disparagement
Lat's~Lat de
bleaker~plus morne
prevalent~fréquent
unsatisfactory~peu satisfaisant
darn's~darn's
tungsten~tungstène
euphemistically~euphemistically
chesty~fragile de la poitrine
bragger~bragger
paraphrasing~paraphrasant
Brahmanism's~de brahmanisme
guardian~guardian
nylon's~nylon de
Tashkent's~Tachkent de
Nicholas~Nicholas
Huggins's~Huggins de
Taiping~Taiping
stoniest~caillouteux
endowment~endowment
none~aucun
onerousness~pénibilité
Linux~Linux
adjudicator~arbitre
want~vouloir
airbags~coussins gonflables
tabbouleh~taboule
seedpods~seedpods
overpopulation's~la surpopulation de
skilled~qualifié
cohere~adhérer
bide~bide
Pogo's~Années Pogo
heart's~cœurs
Czech's~tchèque de
implantation's~implantation de
lemonade~limonade
channelling~channeling
familial~familial
Elijah's~Élie
paupers~miséreux
mall's~centres commerciaux
burgled~cambriolé
Ecuador~Equateur
hireling~larbin
Bridgetown~Bridgetown
hairlines~hairlines
occultist's~occultiste de
path's~chemin de
cessation~cessation
iridium's~Iridium
cruisers~cruisers
taxicab~taxi
cappuccino~cappuccino
writing~l'écriture
ASL~ASL
Laue~Laue
overage~excédent
parapsychology's~de la parapsychologie
nonspecialists~non-spécialistes
opprobrious~méprisant
bola~bola
dalmatian~dalmatian
voyage~voyage
geosynchronous~geosynchronous
workstation's~poste de travail de
disassociates~disassociates
lardiest~lardiest
underbids~underbids
sycamores~sycomores
Manet~Manet
machinates~machinates
sidesaddles~amazone
hurling's~de hurling
weirdly~weirdly
practice~entraine toi
abjuring~abjurant
Mouthe's~Mouthe de
preciser~preciser
maillots~Maillots
Qumran's~Qumran de
anthropomorphism~anthropomorphisme
unsuitability~inadaptation
disinterestedness~disinterestedness
salvo's~de SALVO
stagestruck~Stagestruck
chunders~chunders
Grenadian~grenadin
sousaphone's~de sousaphone
successor's~successeur
postoperative~postopératoire
Gen~Gen
legato~legato
somebody's~quelqu'un est
Aragon~Aragon
hacking~hacking
whizz's~whiz de
sadness~tristesse
forgoes~forgoes
shuttling~la navette
awfuller~awfuller
Danny~Danny
Iraq's~Irak de
Confucianism~confucianisme
tinsmith~ferblantier
rectifier's~redresseur de
muleskinner's~Muleskinner de
disassociating~disassociating
argosy~galion de commerce
quarterbacking~quarterbacking
oriels~oriels
thrillers~romans policiers
gnat~gnat
cassia's~Années cassia
Lent~Prêté
jobless~sans emploi
wacko's~wacko de
Harlan's~Harlan de
thefts~vols
koans~koans
Aspidiske's~Aspidiske de
holidaymaker~vacancier
angers~colères
individualist's~individualistes de
slyness's~de sournoiserie
coalmines~mines de charbon
Gibbon~Gibbon
fried~fried
embody~embody
Wovoka's~Wovoka de
sandbag~sac de sable
receivable~recevable
lipid~lipide
caroused~bombance
trammelled~entravés
timelessness~intemporalité
enemies~enemies
cafetiere~cafetiere
provisos~clauses conditionnelles
cents~cents
peewee~Pee Wee
momenta~quantités de mouvement
uncoupled~découplé
cops~cops
Bates~Bates
prologue~prologue
Nantucket~Nantucket
NutraSweet~NutraSweet
cistern~citerne
partitives~partitifs
voila~le tour est joué
caitiff's~caitiff de
chlordane~chlordane
Hicks's~Hicks de
disparaged~disparaged
hypnotism~hypnotisme
pseudoscience~pseudoscience
fritters~fritters
Laocoon~Laocoon
biorhythm~biorythme
climacteric~climatère
Jame~Jame
skip~sauter
hogging~monopolisant
Araby~Araby
outflow~sortie
toupees~postiches
Jinan~Jinan
sheriff~shérif
mongoloid's~mongoloïde de
Fiji~Fidji
algal~algale
discriminators~discriminators
ethnography~ethnography
Inquisition~Inquisition
distil~distil
perpetrator~auteur
minority~minorité
Hancock's~Hancock
Halley's~Halley
Puck~Palet
piper's~joueur de cornemuse de
interception's~interception de
Heineken~Heineken
constructionist's~constructiviste de
Butler's~Butler
BA's~BA de
eyesore's~eyesore's
matter~matière
overflows~déversoirs
twinkling~scintillement
progress's~Les progrès de
Pillsbury's~Pillsbury de
feeding's~feeding's
swarthier~swarthier
glue's~glue's
Ayers's~Années Ayers
aorta~aorte
Upanishads~Upanishads
begin~commencer
sorcery~sorcellerie
verboten~verboten
Massey~Massey
Malawian's~de malawites
deposed~deposed
Missy~Missy
feedlots~feedlots
disconnectedness's~disconnectedness's
languishing~languissant
canape's~Années canape
pillowcase~taie
dotes~dotes
twelve~Douze
kuchen's~Années Kuchen
alter~modifier
tonsure~tonsure
Sandy~Sablonneux
runlet~ruisseau
cryptographer's~cryptographer's
ADC~ADC
multimedia's~multimédia de
clinched~décroché
novelisations~novelisations
carpentered~charpenté
orangeries~orangeries
jetliner's~de jetliner
principal's~principaux de
slumber~sommeil
injurers~mutilent
somersetting~somersetting
mannishness's~mannishness de
surfed~surfé
duplicate~duplicate
bloodying~ensanglantent
resentfulness's~de resentfulness
explosiveness's~explosiveness's
lace~dentelle
Cerf~Cerf
dairywomen~dairywomen
chanceries~chancelleries
abnormality's~anomalie de
unloosens~unloosens
pulpiness~pulpeux
brunt~poids
vestment~vêtement
Miltonic's~Miltonic de
winched~winched
norm's~normes
languages~langues
Jurua's~Jurua de
handspring~handspring
wasp~guêpe
balder~balder
Sal~Sal
Bermudans~Bermudiens
breathier~breathier
larders~celliers
finders~finders
Shiites~chiites
jabbed~piquée
finisher~finisher
immutable~immutable
sprouting~pousse
neighbourhood's~quartiers
intemperance's~de intempérance
impassivity's~de impassibilité
chronologically~par ordre chronologique
teas~thés
infrasonic~infrasons
geeing~geeing
spareribs~côtes de porc
reacted~réagi
inquirers~enquêteurs
uncleanly~malpropres
taxidermy's~taxidermie de
sympathy's~la sympathie de
hates~haines
admiralty's~amirauté de
moralist~moraliste
Rodriquez's~Rodriquez de
specked~SPECKED
fink's~fink's
sweatsuit~survêtement
referent~référent
penalties~pénalités
fundraiser~fundraiser
venturousness's~venturousness de
brushed~brossé
Episcopalians~épiscopaliens
careered~careered
dourness's~dourness's
T'ang's~ang de
sonnets~sonnets
herders~éleveurs
vended~vendus dans
scampi's~Années scampi
lime~citron vert
luminosity~luminosité
heartlands~Mitan
inversely~inversement
drum~drum
fatback's~fatback's
exhumations~exhumations
take's~prendre de
Swazis~Swazis
Skippy~Skippy
misses~misses
weary~se lasser
unsatisfying~insuffisant
coruscate~coruscate
drumstick's~drumstick's
japed~JAPED
emasculation~emasculation
slipway's~slipway de
Khufu's~Khéops de
movers~déménageurs
binding's~de fixation
sportswomen~les femmes sportives
impelled~poussé
honer~honer
pageboy's~Années pageboy
backings~supports
empowerment~empowerment
jackal's~de chacal
tensity~tensity
nonclerical~nonclerical
pinup's~Années pinup
schoolchildren's~des écoliers de
mucus's~de mucus de
strange~étrange
prosciutto~prosciutto
inconspicuousness~inconspicuousness
sternums~sternums
CompuServe's~CompuServe de
sough's~Années sough
rends~Rends
mightiness's~Années mightiness
practical~pratique
Gamay's~Gamay de
individuating~individuation
peatiest~tourbé
cantilevering~encorbellement
composes~compose
civvies~pékins
adsorbing~adsorber
stagnates~stagne
Nauru~Nauru
decadents~decadents
handkerchiefs~handkerchiefs
pulp's~pulpe de
nauseating~nauséeux
defectiveness's~defectiveness's
limper~limper
heinously~haineusement
Stoicism~Stoïcisme
corkscrew's~corkscrew's
dunno~dunno
materialism's~matérialisme
adulates~adule
thrived~prospéré
nonprofit's~à but non lucratif de
duellers~duellers
materials~matériaux
succulent's~de succulentes
treasonous~traîtresse
gunfights~gunfights
bicentenary~bicentenaire
bollix~bollix
staffer~rédacteur
coded~codé
correspondence's~correspondence's
lodger's~chambreur de
vignettes~vignettes
laptop~portable
Aniakchak~Aniakchak
logjam's~de embâcle
push's~poussée de
counteractions~counteractions
endogenously~endogenously
bookbinderies~bookbinderies
brutality~brutalité
berries~baies
schnapps~schnaps
kegs~barillets
zoster~zostère
crepe~crepe
furthest~furthest
absconding~prendre la fuite
May's~Peut est
grindstones~grindstones
puds~puds
riddle's~riddle
escalope~escalope
irreligion~irréligion
Hunter's~Hunter
protractor~rapporteur
pooched~pooched
eventuates~eventuates
harrowed~herser
predigested~prédigéré
toffs~aristos
buttonholed~buttonholed
eyeful's~eyeful's
pulpwood~bois à pâte
Hannibal's~Hannibal
shirker~tire-au-flanc
arbitrate~arbitrer
bitmaps~bitmaps
behoving~behoving
Hereford's~Hereford de
baguettes~baguettes
robotised~robotisées
regard's~Cordialement
contraband~contraband
merchandised~Les items
reffing~ses protestations incessantes
incompetence~incompétence
archaist~archaist
Maimonides's~de Maimonides
Bob's~Bob
desirability~desirability
funnels~funnels
discussant's~discussant's
Tricia's~Tricia
portrayal~représentation
Meighen's~Meighen
outbalancing~outbalancing
voluptuary's~de jouisseur
helmet~casque
soldierly~soldatesque
portcullises~herses
Formica~Formica
definer~definer
unscheduled~Non programmé
ocelot's~Années ocelot
despondency~despondency
legalism~juridisme
spider~Araign? e
pipit's~Pipit de
grievance's~grievance's
discusses~discusses
gullies~gullies
laundryman's~de blanchisseur
RSV~RSV
devaluation~devaluation
Wu's~Wu de
Elton's~Elton de
chained~enchaîné
vacillation's~de vacillement
Salazar's~Salazar
cognoscenti~cognoscenti
painlessness~indolence
career~carrière
pyramid's~pyramide de
corpse~corpse
afforded~donné
gumboot~gumboot
paramilitary's~de paramilitaires
fluidity's~fluidity's
Evangelina~Evangelina
mail~courrier
wordage~wordage
unsubtle~unsubtle
Indochina~Indochine
monocle~monocle
auditioned~auditionné
overheat~surchauffer
vilification~diffamation
rawness~écorchure
sales~Ventes
ammeter's~ampèremètre de
stiffen~Raidir
latchkey's~de latchkey
bacon's~Bacon
armies~armées
invades~envahit
ready~prêt
landscapes~paysages
canoeist's~de canoéiste
inhaling~inhaler
toss~lancer
pacer~meneur de train
camphor~camphre
Imelda~Imelda
desert~desert
yin's~Yin
cutaneous~cutaneous
lionising~lionising
avid~avide
crawlspace~crawlspace
Celtic~celtique
pliability~souplesse
episcopacy~episcopacy
flapjack's~flapjack's
pivot's~de pivot
ratchet~rochet
asphalting~goudronnage
premise's~locaux
Paglia~Paglia
cement's~de ciment
harry~harceler
urbanologist's~urbanologist de
pendants~pendentifs
verify~Vérifier
irk~contrarier
Massasoit~Massasoit
wrenching~déchirante
primogenitors~aïeuls
portentousness~portentousness
powerless~impuissant
deafened~deafened
ennoblement's~ennoblement's
Huey's~Huey
till~jusqu'à ce que
subtopic's~de Sous-thèmes
eighty~eighty
turtleneck~col roulé
racism's~est du racisme
jigsaw~scie sauteuse
regimes~régimes
virgules~barres obliques
reunifying~réunifiant
apiarists~apiculteurs
inaccessibly~inaccessibly
comprehensiveness~exhaustivité
satori's~satori de
mutilations~mutilations
vibrate~vibrer
pericarditis~péricardite
headwind~vent contraire
satinwood's~citronnier de
Abel~Abel
bunion's~bunion de
hosteler~hosteler
speedwell~véronique
piping~tuyauterie
bilberries~airelles
clothesline's~de corde à linge
showman's~de showman
outsourcing~sous-traitance
departures~departures
disbelieve~disbelieve
spinier~spinier
dizzier~dizzier
angioplasty~angioplastie
gecko~gecko
partial's~partielle de
damageable~damageable
Adriana's~Adriana de
inclusively~inclusivement
Galahads~Galahads
xix~XIX ème
disinfectants~disinfectants
lour~lour
twosome's~de couple
damsel~damsel
tot's~tot de
topiary~art topiaire
nuking~nuking
lymph's~lymphe de
dawn's~dawn's
retaliation's~représailles de
museum's~du musée
hearings~audiences
loansharking's~de loansharking
typesetter's~de typographe
wildcatter~wildcatter
volts~volts
canto's~canto de
insurrectionists~insurrectionnalistes
seminary's~séminaire de
twiggy~twiggy
windrow~andain
hammerer~hammerer
Chiantis~Chiantis
cataract~cataracte
escudo's~escudo's
cues~cues
apical~apical
yipping~yipping
prim~guindé
emotionalism~emotionalism
antiphon~antienne
antedates~antidate
endpoint~endpoint
queries~requêtes
flabbergast~flabbergast
slots~slots
pinhole's~sténopé de
roadblock's~barrage routier de
coaxes~cajole
textbook~cahier de texte
grumble's~grumble's
semifinal~demi-finale
trade~Commerce
Sep~Sep
Monk~Moine
hallucinates~hallucinates
Birkenstock~birkenstock
Pensacola's~Pensacola de
memoir's~mémoires
Matilda's~Mathilde
dingbat~dingbat
ducked~ducked
Berry's~Berry de
ant~fourmi
Louie~Louie
Nimitz~Nimitz
Abbas~Abbas
distractedly~distractedly
deductions~deductions
adaptability~adaptabilité
semitones~demi-tons
row~rangée
visitation~visitation
doldrums's~doldrums's
mynah~mainate
Burgundy's~Bourgogne à
heather~bruyère
loanword's~loanword de
newsstand~kiosque à journaux
mugshots~Mugshots
atomisers~atomiseurs
opines~opines
emancipation's~emancipation's
movement~mouvement
punishments~les sanctions
stanza's~strophe de
Heaviside's~heaviside de
jackasses~baudets
Rainier's~Rainier de
Dewar's~Dewar
warbled~gazouillaient
Slovak's~slovaque de
shilled~shilled
Wilde's~Wilde
kerchief's~kerchief de
ridiculously~ridiculement
DC~DC
counterpoints~counterpoints
strictness's~de rigueur
persecution~persécution
specificity's~la spécificité de
Everglades~Everglades
smokestack~cheminée
Actaeon's~Années Actéon
Lateran~lateran
centrality's~centralité de
Clifton~Clifton
tolerant~tolérant
reconfirm~reconfirmer
bookcase~bibliothèque
Grass's~herbe de
Jamaicans~Jamaïcains
bower's~charmille de
urethane~uréthane
leniently~indulgente
lapwings~vanneaux
Freemasonry's~La franc-maçonnerie de
captaincy's~de capitanat
Weaver~Tisserand
effortlessly~effortlessly
imponderable's~Années impondérable
yest~yest
inscrutable~impénétrable
Sammy~Sammy
firefly's~firefly's
twopence's~de twopence
conspicuousness's~de conspicuousness
disorientation's~disorientation's
seagulls~mouettes
Staubach's~Staubach de
cleaver~couperet
shantung's~shantung de
soulless~inhumain
gs~gs
exploiter~exploiter
crossbowmen~crossbowmen
orienting~orienter
beaming~radieux
precinct's~quartier de
accede~accepter
April's~avril de
Rhone's~Rhône de
consolidator~consolidateur
Rockford~Rockford
prepaying~prépayer
encode~encode
firsthand~firsthand
formation's~formation's
unsaid~non-dits
Poitier's~Poitier de
Consuelo~Consuelo
facing's~facing's
blink's~clignotement de
peptics~peptics
eosinophils~eosinophils
dissatisfaction's~dissatisfaction's
canary~canari
contagiousness~contagiousness
Algenib's~Algenib de
Angelou~Angelou
granny~granny
Nebraskan's~Années du Nebraska
boatswains~manœuvriers
Combs~Combs
forepart~forepart
dispensing~dispensing
cutting~cutting
wink~clin d'œil
gaberdine's~gaberdine's
superscription~suscription
erratum~erratum
Tl~tl
interrogation~interrogatoire
Mohammedanisms~Mohammedanisms
devotedly~devotedly
clonk's~clonk de
trackers~trackers
talkativeness's~de loquacité
archbishop's~archevêque de
wishful~désireux
descant's~descant's
Epsom's~epsom de
weens~Weens
grate~grate
removal~suppression
prostitution~la prostitution
wangling~Wangling
bloating~ballonnements
ambitiously~ambitieusement
trigonometry~trigonométrie
hoagies~hoagies
stolidly~flegmatiquement
distemper~distemper
Maryellen's~maryellen de
pearled~perlés
escapee's~escapee's
female~female
repetitiously~repetitiously
repealed~révoqué
seaman's~seaman
euchre's~euchre's
crossly~crossly
exit's~exit's
nuthouses~nuthouses
hog~porc
imprecise~imprécis
disease~disease
tricks~des trucs
webisode~webisode
bidding~enchère
walleye~le doré jaune
go~go
R~R
redounds~rejaillit
smiled~Sourit
monogamous~monogame
nonnarcotic's~de non narcotiques
Langland's~Langland de
boldest~plus audacieux
enterprise~enterprise
palanquin's~Années palanquin
wiriness~installation électrique
unpinned~désépinglé
potties~potties
corsair~corsair
splatter's~de éclabousser
waterside's~Waterside de
minuend~diminuende
silverfish's~Années silverfish
stethoscopes~stéthoscopes
champed~rongeait
overcharge's~surcharge de
ruinous~ruineux
deleterious~deleterious
resistor~résistance
turbine~turbine
misconstructions~contresens
calculator~calculatrice
diplomats~diplomats
suffering's~souffre
tenuous~ténu
swooshes~swooshes
latices~latex
queerness's~de queerness
Twizzlers~Twizzlers
theoreticians~théoriciens
wastebasket's~de corbeille à papier
Sanford~Sanford
skedaddle~skedaddle
recopying~recopie
dating~dating
democratises~democratises
Vernon's~Vernon
gosling~gosling
fest~fest
shark's~requin de
FCC~FCC
inexhaustible~inépuisable
blessings~bénédictions
nonrestrictive~sans restriction
Dakota~Dakota
deck~deck
forswore~forswore
seriously~sérieusement
Abyssinia~Abyssinie
copying~copying
twangy~nasillarde
Verdi~Verdi
hairgrips~hairgrips
strippers~strip-teaseuses
sex~sexe
Tunisians~Tunisiens
dongle~dongle
lumbering~exploitation forestière
struggle~lutte
wonderfulness~wonderfulness
tuxedo's~de tuxedo
bosom~sein
lob~lob
Spirograph's~spirographe de
ETD~ETD
Nelda~nelda
ping's~ping de
shitting~chier
Antipodes~Antipodes
limpidity's~de limpidité
rifer~Rifer
wrestler's~lutteur de
Jezebels~Jézabel
kill's~tuer de
ensnare~ensnare
Lugosi's~Lugosi de
permissibly~de manière admissible
gunship~gunship
embowered~embowered
desiccate~desiccate
steamship's~Steamship de
X's~X de
dissimilitude~dissimilitude
biotin's~biotine de
arbitrages~arbitrages
prong~dent
windcheater~anorak
balance~équilibre
fluorine's~fluorine's
snottiness~snottiness
bucket~seau
veracious~véridique
cornea~cornea
serving's~de service
stagflation's~de stagflation
foray's~foray's
soloing~soloing
bedrolls~sacs de couchage
trough's~Années creux
haggler's~haggler's
jasper's~jasper de
Havoline~Havoline
matrices~matrices
beaus~soupirants
furriness's~furriness's
republished~réédité
invidiousness's~invidiousness de
despoliation's~despoliation's
antilogarithms~antilogarithmes
Czechoslovakians~Tchécoslovaques
saliva's~de la salive
Aiken~Aiken
trug~trug
nurtured~nourri
Salisbury's~Salisbury de
stateside~stateside
presenters~présentateurs
underrates~sous-estime
Jim~Jim
earthbound~earthbound
streaky~persillé
tokes~tokes
assessors~évaluateurs
Trafalgar~Trafalgar
Columbine's~Columbine de
pagination~pagination
colliding~entrer en collision
extraterrestrial~extraterrestrial
reattempted~essayée à nouveau
ranked~classé
soundalike~soundalike
billet~billet
dissipate~dissipate
supermodel~top model
mandalas~mandalas
upshots~upshots
prayerfully~prière
chuffed~vachement content
Fed~nourris
famous~famous
shortfall~déficit
fatigue~fatigue
unprofitable~peu rentable
downbeat's~downbeat's
archaeological~archéologique
postcards~cartes postales
consequence~conséquence
rashes~éruptions cutanées
Zealand's~ZÉLANDE
quadrennium~quadriennale
huskers~décortiqueuses
command's~commande de
Jerome's~Jérôme
Kerensky's~Kerensky de
unpacking~déballage
emaciation's~emaciation's
Mirzam's~Mirzam de
leakiest~moins étanches
Millie's~Millie de
spite~dépit
Seyfert's~Seyfert de
translucency~translucidité
hoedown's~Années Hoedown
handclasps~handclasps
handlebar's~handlebar's
reverencing~révérant
oxide's~de l'oxyde
Wycherley's~Wycherley de
cyclopes~cyclopes
congress's~congrès de
yummy~délicieux
juggle~Jongler
whoring~prostituent
precipitation's~les précipitations de
anguish's~l'angoisse de
bedraggle~débrailler
oceanography's~océanographie de
decagons~decagons
shorthand's~sténographie de
Sol's~Sol de
makeshift~de fortune
chubby~joufflu
Mollie's~Mollie de
squalor's~la misère noire de
papacies~pontificats
xxxi~XXXI
recomposing~recomposer
plebiscites~plébiscites
Bukharin~Boukharine
rosewater~eau de rose
nagger~nagger
comprise~comprendre
thumping~cognant
screenwriters~scénaristes
Prokofiev's~Prokofiev
doping's~doping's
brattiest~brattiest
Bacon~Bacon
advisement~délibéré
Amie's~Amie de
samizdat~samizdat
Aida's~Aida de
stabbings~stabbings
modulating~modulation
bonuses~bonus
tings~réglages
betrayer's~de trahissait
longing~désir
reliving~revivant
Constantinople~Constantinople
spattering~éclaboussement
dossier~dossier
oboe~hautbois
tuts~Tuts
Meir's~Meir de
alternate's~de rechange
straying~divagation
nickering~vacillante
Tillich~Tillich
greenroom~greenroom
reformulations~reformulations
selector~sélecteur
Derick~Derick
slipshod~négligé
startup's~démarrage de
Darling~chéri
regimentation's~de embrigadement
summed~résumé
taunters~taunters
cartographers~cartographes
billiards's~billard de
bludgeoning~matraquer
Fahrenheit's~Fahrenheit
lunchboxes~lunchboxes
hungrier~plus faim
kindergarten's~jardin d'enfants de
couscous~couscous
saunas~saunas
treatment~traitement
internationalist~internationaliste
foil~foil
departing~departing
Kenyans~Kenyans
coextensive~coextensive
solemnised~solennisé
newlywed's~jeunes mariés
bunkers~bunkers
enormousness's~enormousness's
torso~torse
overreaction's~de réaction excessive
industrialism~industrialisme
quad's~quad de
Intelsat's~INTELSAT
Loire~Loire
Spam's~Spam de
transcripts~transcriptions
monogamously~monogame
insurgents~insurgés
postindustrial~post-industriel
immersing~immergeant
Montcalm's~Montcalm
Mitchell~Mitchell
dolomite's~dolomite's
brocades~brocarts
literately~literately
postulates~postulats
receptivity~réceptivité
thrasher~moqueur
caregiver's~sOIGNANT
abstained~se sont abstenus
sapient~sage
stylishness's~de stylishness
oleomargarine~margarine
Estelle's~Estelle
Governor~Gouverneur
suppliants~suppliants
petrology's~pétrologie de
bereavement's~deuil
tansy's~tanaisie de
sheepherder's~de sheepherder
pharmacy's~pharmacie de
bombshell's~bombe de
gob~gob
Oceanus~Oceanus
referents~referents
Britannia's~Britannia de
inborn~inné
ammeter~ampèremètre
soluble's~solubles de
speedsters~speedsters
valueless~sans valeur
Golan~Golan
gelignite's~gelignite's
interpolate~interpoler
swigs~rasades
cummerbund's~cummerbund's
hypertrophy~hypertrophie
sweetmeats~sucreries
remaps~remaps
Bogota~Bogota
Brasilia's~Brasilia de
demarcating~demarcating
planar~plane
Iscariot~Iscariote
unlisted~non coté
bandits~bandits
jubilation's~jubilation de
Price's~Des prix
pleasant~agréable
birder's~de birder
dizzied~dizzied
rifle~fusil
redistributor~redistributeur
pinpoints~petits points
goitre~goitre
contrive~contrive
possessed~possédé
strangers~étrangers
divisiveness's~divisiveness's
dialectal~dialectal
hgt~HGT
mines~mines
serifs~empattements
Dodgson's~Dodgson de
wetly~wetly
philosophic~philosophique
Julian~julien
circumscription~circonspection
ignorance's~l'ignorance de
place~endroit
UN's~des Nations Unies de
Episcopal~Épiscopal
Lockean's~lockéenne de
Continental's~continental de
scribbles~gribouillis
coal's~le charbon de
sell~vendre
atomically~atomiquement
feel~feel
flypaper~flypaper
structurally~structurellement
assassination's~assassinat de
acclimatising~acclimatant
utopias~utopies
chambermaids~chambrières
bros~bros
unearthed~déterré
gonad's~gonad's
facilitator~facilitator
psychedelia~psychédélisme
protegee~protégée
accidentally~accidentellement
californium~californium
claims~réclamations
unconstrained~non contraint
spitfire~spitfire
conditioner~Conditionneur
attar's~Attar de
eosinophilic~eosinophilic
compete~rivaliser
dispraise~dispraise
Demetrius~Demetrius
bough's~Années Bough
elevators~elevators
Katina's~Katina de
gazetteers~gazetteers
cult's~cult's
laded~chargèrent
decentralise~decentralise
coalesce~se fondre
vinegar~le vinaigre
deadliness~deadliness
scrambles~brouille
mimicked~imités
returns~résultats
carapace~carapace
metamorphic~métamorphique
blah's~bla de
rubicund~rubicond
uptight~crispé
kennel~chenil
mfr~mfr
Georgetown~Georgetown
veneers~placages
Marylou~Marylou
sleds~traineaux
clownishness's~de bouffonnerie
graduation~graduation
emote~emote
mythologist's~de mythologue
rotund~rond
Ventolin~Ventolin
flitting~flitting
checker's~vérificateur de
Yoda~Yoda
begetters~géniteurs
Nellie's~Nellie
scrawled~griffonné
notifying~notification
unconscious's~inconscient
ultra~ultra
rotary~rotatif
manatee~lamantin
OD~OD
squeegee~raclette
plaudit~applaudissement
purifies~purifiant
Rosecrans~rosecrans
servomotor's~servo-moteur de
earthquakes~earthquakes
tenpin~quille
Prohibition~Interdiction
agent's~agents
leggiest~leggiest
psychiatry's~de la psychiatrie
Doug's~Doug de
scandalises~scandalise
whispered~murmuré
truncheon's~de matraque
liverworts~liverworts
loners~solitaires
partnerships~partenariats
forbiddingly~forbiddingly
hallway's~hallway's
coring~coring
Puck's~Puck
merrier~on est de fous
nightsticks~matraque
plates~plaques
espousing~espousing
adjutant's~aide de camp de
swimmer~nageur
genealogist's~genealogist's
electric~electric
ruffians~ruffians
Kenny~Kenny
Britain's~Grande-Bretagne
windjammers~windjammers
circumspectly~circonspecte
mapped~cartographié
takeout's~mets à emporter de
massing~massant
policies~politiques
tube's~le tube de
liaisons~liaisons
bratwurst's~bratwurst de
clamp~serrer
crockery~crockery
governor~governor
extremism~extremism
Bayer~Bayer
equally~equally
systolic~systolique
critics~critics
humidification's~humidification de
Ringling's~Ringling de
chapbook~chapbook
shafts~arbres
wheedler's~enjôleur de
uncleaned~non nettoyés
repetitiousness's~de répétitivité
gambler~gambler
pontifically~pontificalement
playtime's~temps de jeu de
layering's~de superposition
turnouts~taux de participation
inopportunely~intempestivement
overgrown~envahi par
slaved~asservies
CFC's~CFC
William~William
scorekeeper~marqueur
deny~deny
Altiplano's~Altiplano de
Chancellorsville~Chancellorsville
rheas~nandous
backboard's~de panneau arrière
deletion's~deletion's
element~element
ripens~mûrissent
moderators~modérateurs
chauvinist's~de chauvins
temperament~tempérament
sandwich~sandwich
emotion's~emotion's
lightheaded~étourdi
Wolsey's~Wolsey
Tylenol~Tylenol
mental~mental
perimeter~périmètre
dobbin~dobbin
sedation~sédation
Giovanni's~Giovanni de
beeped~bipa
Barabbas's~Barabbas de
commemorations~commémorations
torridity's~torridity de
rumours~rumeurs
totem's~totem
revolutionists~révolutionnaires
pose~pose
bet~pari
Giacometti~giacometti
churchgoers~fidèles
recd~recd
Bright~Brillant
gypster's~gypster's
swathes~des pans entiers
chucks~mandrins
compulsorily~obligatoire
labour's~Peines
Atahualpa~Atahualpa
airiness's~airiness de
feast's~feast's
embank~embank
wainscoted~lambrissée
argot~argot
cavalier's~cavalier de
avowals~aveux
thug's~de gangster
fleshy~fleshy
Zubenelgenubi~Zubenelgenubi
cobnuts~cobnuts
blesses~bénit
vapour~vapeur
bickerers~bickerers
Seymour~Seymour
indissolubly~indissolublement
summary~résumé
affiliation~affiliation
feinting~feinting
flimsier~flimsier
mustachio~mustachio
ramie's~ramie de
figments~figments
Lepidus's~Lepidus de
inconspicuously~discrètement
cretonne~cretonne
negatively~négativement
reagents~réactifs
photostatic~photostat
capriciousness~capricieuse
candlepower~bougie
bracer~remontant
supervene~survenir
Carmella~Carmella
cowbirds~cowbirds
ebullience~ebullience
hods~auges
Fellini~Fellini
pristine~parfait
torpedo~torpille
ponderous~lourd
Grail's~Graal de
laundrywomen~lavandières
Stalinist~stalinien
reactants~réactifs
deadlier~deadlier
similarly~De même
refusing~refusant
presume~présumer
Southerners~sudistes
renegades~renegades
corporal~corporal
hellebore~ellébore
sweetened~sucré
unattainable~inaccessible
elegance's~elegance's
excoriates~excoriates
antediluvian~antédiluvien
applet~applet
carried~porté
Moseley~Moseley
mammal's~mammifère de
disunity's~disunity's
ungodliness~impiétés
wiz~as
widener's~élargisseur de
clownishly~clownesque
shanghaiing~shangaïage
extroverted~extroverted
markers~Marqueurs
gracefully~gracefully
folksiest~folksiest
widgets~widgets
information's~informations de
owlet's~Années owlet
timeliness's~respect des délais de
Prozac~Prozac
pharmacopoeias~pharmacopées
nix's~nix
Urals's~de l'Oural
Provencal~provençal
Goudas~Goudas
regroup~se regrouper
miserably~misérablement
snips~cisaille
indictable~criminel
vindicated~donné raison
orneriest~orneriest
Williams~Williams
simmer's~laisser mijoter de
crime's~crime's
bondman~esclave
insistingly~avec insistance
screws~des vis
pilothouse~poste de pilotage
saddest~le plus triste
dolorously~dolorously
pleura~plèvre
cringed~cringed
constabulary~police
wiper's~essuie-glace de
treasure's~trésor de
flamboyance~flamboyance
chaffed~chaffed
typescript's~tapuscrit de
hardware's~hardware's
strategics's~Années Strategics
Bialystok's~Bialystok de
Loewe's~Loewe de
extenuating~extenuating
clucked~gloussaient
superstitiously~superstitieusement
Lahore~Lahore
Roy~Roy
mealtimes~repas
arthroscopic~arthroscopie
prudishness's~de pudibonderie
rowboat~rowboat
undercharge~faire payer moins cher
filigrees~filigrees
acrobatically~acrobatically
idolatress~idolâtre
wheelbarrow's~brouette de
Suriname's~Suriname de
babushkas~babushkas
Osage's~Osage de
latex~latex
situational~situationnelle
Luanda~Luanda
Remarque's~Remarque de
phlegmatic~flegmatique
elbowroom~elbowroom
clumps~touffes
Jansenist~janséniste
navigator's~navigateur de
lunchtime~l'heure du déjeuner
spurns~dédaigne
alkalising~alcalinisant
ridicule's~le ridicule de
chemical~chimique
voucher's~pièces justificatives
lollygagged~lollygagged
Muhammadan~Muhammadan
comforter~consolateur
vestry~sacristie
befog~embrouiller
whupping~whupping
blockbusting~BlockBusting
devilishly~devilishly
deism's~deism's
marijuana~marijuana
Muensters~Muensters
multistory~multistory
deadhead~deadhead
seasons~saisons
mendelevium's~mendelevium de
williwaw~Williwaw
tinges~reflets
hangar's~hangar's
Instamatic's~Instamatic de
bevellings~biseaux
pay~Payer
Petersen's~Petersen
shedding~perte
assignations~assignations
Masonic's~maçonnique de
dressy~dressy
highland's~hauts plateaux
immemorially~immémorialement
cooped~cooped
Rubens's~Rubens de
peonage~péonage
groggily~groggily
kirsch~kirsch
Ypres~Ypres
cosignatory~cosignatory
paperbacks~broché
augur's~augurer de
knelt~agenouillé
percolator~percolateur
Phaedra~Phaedra
animal's~animaux
stoic's~stoïque de
sauce's~sauce de
notified~notifiée
debentures~debentures
lead's~pistes
teethed~dentés
Learjet~Learjet
visit~visite
reign~règne
kludged~kludged
chooser~chooser
pavement's~de la chaussée
roster~liste
blahs~blahs
autism~autisme
Keats~Keats
blobbed~blobbed
canyons~canyons
Reva's~Reva de
repulsion~répulsion
dissevering~dissevering
flirtatious~flirtatious
incisor's~incisive de
backhoe's~pelleteuse de
February~février
monoplane's~de monoplan
Britt's~Britt de
livelongs~livelongs
tabulation~tabulation
coffeemaker~machine à café
Northrup's~Northrup de
Trump's~Trump
clowning~clowneries
eaten~eaten
Buffy's~Buffy
lisper's~Années Lisper
janitor's~concierge de
terr~terr
quiescently~quiescence
aromatherapy's~aromathérapie de
VHF's~VHF de
ague's~aye de
sensitiveness's~de sensibilité
straightness's~de rectitude
spritz's~spritz de
cheese's~les fromages
Manx's~Manx de
Pamirs~Pamir
diaries~diaries
censer's~encensoir de
Pissaro~Pissaro
waken~réveiller
sensuous~voluptueux
constitution's~constitution de
guardsman~guardsman
haulage~traction
Adeline's~Adeline
disorganised~disorganised
tarrying~tarrying
Maurice's~Maurice de
reimbursed~remboursés
Aries~Bélier
russets~russets
antisocial~antisocial
floss~floss
sleazy~sordide
gassed~gassed
stacked~empilés
Cole~Cole
instrumentation's~l'instrumentation de
perishables~denrées périssables
nights~nuits
vitalise~Vitalise
maudlin~larmoyant
hahnium~hahnium
Wii's~Wii
topaz's~Années topazes
wits~esprit
Lufthansa~Lufthansa
obsessionally~obsessionnellement
prosecutors~procureurs
hornpipe~matelote
pikestaff's~pikestaff de
sandier~sandier
kopecks~kopecks
toccatas~toccatas
emailing~emailing
lancets~lancettes
costumire~costumire
mistletoe's~mistletoe de
halving~halving
bailout's~plan de sauvetage de
Indiana's~Indiana de
Clayton~Clayton
lambasted~fustigé
battlefield's~champ de bataille de
galls~galls
cash~en espèces
preterites~prétérits
rudder~gouvernail
documents~documents
government~government
redialling~recomposition
darkroom's~darkroom's
Tull's~Tull de
Khomeini~Khomeiny
synthetically~synthétiquement
knighted~anobli
wino~Wino
returner's~de retourneur
Brandy's~Brandy
newspapermen~journalistes
turd~merde
flusher~flusher
Josh~Josh
dignitary~dignitary
treat's~traiter de
patriarchy~patriarcat
stumbled~trébuché
unmindful~indifférent
looseness~relâchement
circumscribes~circonscrit
inveteracy's~invétérée de
commiseration's~de commisération
overall~global
gumbos~gumbos
Udall's~Udall de
chores~corvées
detritus's~detritus's
discorded~discorded
interleaving~désentrelacement
bathhouse~bains publics
intelligible~intelligible
Pitcairn~Pitcairn
injection~injection
roominess's~de roominess
invasions~invasions
superconducting~supraconducteur
fad~fad
face~face
parametric~paramétrique
viragoes~viragoes
sourpusses~sourpusses
road's~routes
auricles~oreillettes
mechanically~mécaniquement
syndromes~syndromes
serenest~plus serein
pith's~Années sureau
purdah's~de purdah
wafflers~wafflers
juniper's~genièvre de
rebooted~redémarrée
snappish~hargneux
dishpans~dishpans
criticised~criticised
bologna~bologne
inditing~inditing
everlastingly~everlastingly
pill's~pilule de
Paterson's~Paterson
Revelations~révélations
cultivars~cultivars
traversed~traversée
latency's~de latence de
grassed~grassed
dressmaker's~dressmaker's
okras~okras
intertwine~entrelacer
Nikon's~Nikon
requisitioning~réquisition
monstrosity's~de monstruosité
skivvying~skivvying
impeaching~mettre en accusation
Argentina~Argentine
proprieties~bienséances
megadeaths~megadeaths
Redford~Redford
inexpensiveness's~inexpensiveness de
accusing~accusant
obscener~obscener
Emmett's~Emmett
Winfrey~Winfrey
sulks~bouderies
retched~vomissait
justifiably~à juste titre
become~devenir
highroad's~grand'route de
moonshiners~bouilleurs
primitives~primitives
serf~serf
welters~Welters
Utah~Utah
bight~anse
grenades~grenades
mediocrity's~la médiocrité de
vivifies~vivifie
reprimanded~réprimandé
Denali~Denali
eulogiser's~eulogiser's
unleash~débrider
nonindustrial~nonindustrial
corduroys's~corduroys's
Omsk~Omsk
clearness's~clarté de
tame~apprivoiser
salt's~sels
Babylon~Babylone
artifices~artifices
guying~guying
denouncement's~denouncement's
bootleg's~bootleg de
manumission~manumission
chanticleer's~Chanticleer de
remixing~remixage
outspending~outspending
buybacks~rachats d'actions
cappuccinos~cappuccinos
bootblacks~cireurs
quizzing~quizzing
army~armée
dampener's~dampener's
gluttony's~gluttony's
reentries~réentrées
conjugated~conjugué
exotically~exotically
saddened~attristée
boxcar~boxcar
tart~Tarte
saintliness~sainteté
vanishing~disparition
Sunbeam~Rayon de soleil
Keller's~Keller
figure~figure
jeremiads~jérémiades
constructs~constructs
together~ensemble
piroshki's~Années Piroshki
cold~du froid
tachometer~tachymètre
lawbreakers~contrevenants
xxii~xxii
hobos~hobos
Leigh~Leigh
hootenannies~hootenannies
frail~frail
simplified~simplifié
rehabilitating~réhabilitant
apropos~opportun
apprehended~appréhendé
slays~Slays
brush~brosse
mensurable~mesurable
watches~montres
porosity's~porosité de
discoloration's~discoloration's
speculation's~la spéculation de
bassists~bassistes
Justinian~Justinien
Omanis~Omanais
recast's~refondu de
noonday's~de midi
bedecking~orner
Annunciations~Annonciations
Zachary~Zachary
Amur~Amur
drag~drag
traumatically~traumatiquement
mahouts~cornacs
broiling~grilloir
overdubbing~overdub
obi's~obi de
deliberated~deliberated
superuser~super-utilisateur
pockmark's~de pockmark
scudded~fuyions
Louisianian~Louisianais
reservoir~réservoir
buncoed~buncoed
gimlet~gimlet
USCG~USCG
negotiator's~Le négociateur de
hominoid~hominidé
litterateur~littérateur
withstanding~résister
bossiest~bossiest
bombarding~bombardant
hyacinth~jacinthe
incomparably~incomparablement
interned~interné
antiperspirant~antisudorifique
shooter's~jeu de tir de
obstacle's~obstacles
pools~piscines
stolidest~stolidest
cilium~cil
Caucasians~Caucasiens
boo~huer
peregrinate~voyager
hindering~entrave
gunslingers~gunslingers
Private~Privé
Colin~Colin
radiotelegraph's~radiotélégraphie de
tufted~huppé
snakebite's~Morsures de serpent
toyed~toyed
Gregorio's~Gregorio de
humanely~sans cruauté
Mitty~Mitty
looting~pillage
fatuously~fatuously
jambalaya~Jambalaya
boulevards~boulevards
hazer~Hazer
alt~alt
yuk~Yuk
hamburgers~hamburgers
ingeniously~ingénieusement
banshee's~de banshee
griddlecakes~griddlecakes
Ecuadorian~Equateur
loading's~chargement de
milkshakes~milkshakes
fibrin~fibrin
Roberta's~Roberta de
gazers~gazers
transitivity's~transitivité de
follow~follow
burr's~ronce de
drunkard's~drunkard's
imperceptibility~imperceptibilité
uttering~mise en circulation
beaks~bec
Holmes~Holmes
Sassanian's~sassanide de
liaison~liaison
mum's~chrysanthèmes
pillories~piloris
polyphonic~polyphonique
swagged~swagged
subcontractor's~sous-traitant de
scantly~scantly
Capitol's~Capitol de
restoration~restauration
parlance~langage
TVA~TVA
extrusive~extrusive
scintillating~scintillante
acorn's~poivrée de
doghouse~doghouse
trollops~catins
wormier~wormier
brontosaurus's~Années brontosaure
unhesitating~sans hésitation
unfrocks~unfrocks
tar~le goudron
upstate~nord de l'État
kleptocracy~kleptocratie
pasturing~pacage
Mallarme~Mallarmé
wordplay~jeu de mots
whiteheads~whiteheads
stockholder~actionnaire
depravity~depravity
yummier~yummier
pupal~pupe
unrequited~non partagé
Whitley's~Whitley de
parvenu's~de parvenu
Ziegfeld's~Ziegfeld de
neurosis's~névrose de
scud~courir à toute allure
valve's~soupape de
barged~ont fait irruption
smirched~smirched
ripcord~Ripcord
morgue~morgue
madam's~madame de
scarabs~scarabées
cheeriness's~de cheeriness
sickouts~sickouts
Savoy~Savoie
Sarajevo~Sarajevo
Kaunda's~Kaunda de
overconscientious~trop consciencieux
cushion~cushion
Weiss's~Weiss de
king~Roi
futons~futons
regretted~a regretté
atishoo~atishoo
vintner~négociant en vin
sentry's~sentry de
Muzak's~muzak de
bladder's~vessie de
reverts~Revient
cachepot~cachepot
infrequence's~infrequence de
downplay~downplay
scorpion's~scorpion de
equable~equable
piercingly~perçante
nybble~nybble
emceed~emceed
clasps~fermoirs
apostles~apôtres
polemicist's~de polémiste
raucously~raucously
classmate's~camarades de classe
potential's~son potentiel
DPs~DPs
shred's~shred de
preservation's~la préservation de
h'm~h'm
unselfishly~de manière désintéressée
mayday's~Mayday de
enamelware's~enamelware's
nonpayments~non-paiement
Ludwig's~de Ludwig
Susanna's~Susanna de
stew's~ragoût de
playpens~parcs pour enfants
cotton's~cotton's
Hinayana's~hïnayâna de
Gogol's~Gogol
diapason's~diapason's
roebuck~Roebuck
rills~ruisselets
Hoovers~Hoovers
repurchase~rachat
stalking's~de harcèlement criminel
diligently~diligently
displacement~displacement
speedwell's~véronique de
encapsulation~encapsulation
Hutu's~Hutu
Aden~Aden
hate~haine
polygraph's~polygraphe de
members~membres
stepdaughter~belle fille
proconsular~proconsulaire
unburdened~Déchargé
Juliana's~Juliana
south's~au sud de
byline's~byline de
gayer~gayer
rut's~ornière de
punnet~petit panier
leisureliness~leisureliness
Cohen~Cohen
wallah~Wallah
belly's~ventre de
flabbergasts~flabbergasts
outstation~outstation
directed~directed
mendicancy~mendicité
Bollywood's~Bollywood de
whereof~de quoi
sand~le sable
conduction's~conduction de
uvula's~Années luette
Winchesters~Winchesters
Advent's~Advent de
Adirondacks's~Années Adirondacks
sociopath's~de sociopathe
engages~engages
psychologist's~psychologue de
blacksnake's~blacksnake de
wishing~souhaitant
mangle's~mangle de
loaned~prêtées
streptococci~streptocoque
griever's~griever's
Ojibwa's~Ojibwa de
progesterone~progestérone
cavillers~ergoteurs
scrappers~scrappers
tattler's~de tattler
surf's~rESSAC
Niccolo~Niccolo
kiloton's~kilotonnes de
undeserved~immérité
shingled~bardeau
Wm~Wm
lenses~lentilles
Negritude~négritude
Kommunizma~Kommunizma
Slovaks~Slovaques
coops~coops
polecat~putois
papaya's~papaye de
thank~remercier
wallflower~giroflée
schizo's~schizo de
lubber~personne maladroite
Lew's~Lew de
unionisation's~de taux de syndicalisation
legalisation~légalisation
executive~executive
visualise~visualiser
remunerates~rétribue
alliance~Alliance
goalkeeper~goalkeeper
beds~des lits
observance's~respect de
landscape~paysage
hatstands~Porte-chapeaux
proclivities~propensions
jejuna~jejuna
classifier~classificateur
yells~crie
battledress~battledress
ratlike~ratlike
cuckold~cuckold
knickknack~objet décoratif
clothed~habillé
traducing~traducing
showroom's~salle d'exposition de
hexes~hexagones
garrison's~garrison's
Faisalabad's~Faisalabad de
determinant~determinant
revolver's~revolver de
flattop's~flattop's
zombie's~des morts-vivants
remain~rester
contentment's~contentment's
condemnation's~condamnation de
lowed~SSCO
goatee~goatee
tailspins~tailspins
exterminator's~exterminator's
firebug~firebug
savant~savant
linguistics's~Années linguistique
leerier~leerier
inheritable~héritable
Tyre~pneu
egoist's~egoist's
buccaneered~buccaneered
Verna~Verna
capitulation's~capitulation de
blade's~lame de
amounted~est élevé
blackamoor's~Années Blackamoor
viewing~visualisation
shortwave~ondes courtes
Nader's~Nader de
parleyed~parlementé
Gillette's~Gillette
leftism~gauchisme
jester's~bouffon de
sand's~de sable
audited~vérifié
misstated~une fausse déclaration
minicomputer~mini-ordinateur
swab~écouvillon
moose~élan
concavely~concaves
mandrake~mandragore
tectonics's~tectonics de
fanzine's~fanzine's
testify~témoigner
convoked~convoked
bogie~bogie
recasting~refondation
kart~kart
suzerainty~suzeraineté
isthmian~isthmique
specific~spécifique
godforsaken~godforsaken
braveness~braveness
gyrators~gyrators
Maryann~Mary Ann
Rosanna~Rosanna
gabble~gabble
Berra~Berra
Frenchmen's~Années des Français
vocalise~vocalise
Chandra's~Chandra
demureness's~demureness's
KFC's~KFC
begum's~Begum de
whaler~baleinière
pulsar~pulsar
outermost~plus à l'extérieur
website~site Internet
geologist's~geologist's
dislike~dislike
framer~framer
lisping~zézaiement
raunchier~raunchier
evolutionist~evolutionist
prescript's~prescript de
burlesque's~burlesques de
viticulture~viticulture
backchat~impertinence
residency's~de résidence
impalpably~impalpable
collocated~colocalisé
meanwhile~pendant ce temps
depositions~depositions
stylistics~stylistics
detail's~detail's
suits~costume
burnouts~épuisements
Negroids~négroïdes
Mohamed~Mohamed
nadir~nadir
betrayed~trahi
Jennifer~Jennifer
womankind's~Années WOMANKIND
vowels~voyelles
applications~applications
virgin's~vierge de
domain's~domain's
flax~flax
cloudburst's~Années cloudburst
atypical~atypique
pustule~pustule
vaginae~vagins
scoffers~railleurs
switcher~switcher
Brandi's~Brandi de
litmus~tournesol
taskmaster~tyran
underwhelmed~underwhelmed
harrow's~herse de
anatomising~anatomising
tulips~tulipes
dogma~dogma
Hoosiers~Hoosiers
numeration~numération
turntables~tourne-disques
fragment~fragment
troubling~trouble
Boswell's~Boswell de
Riddle's~Riddle
amphitheatre's~amphithéâtre de
thrives~prospère
sentience~sentience
underwrote~souscrit
Augustinian's~Années augustins
shallot's~Années échalotte
waltz~valse
brocaded~brocart
intimations~Intimations
panoply's~panoplie de
shafting~shafting
treas~Treas
immense~immense
wont's~coutume de
cognitional~cognitional
redactors~redactors
Alps~Alpes
irradiation~irradiation
flagpole~flagpole
drawbacks~drawbacks
mote's~Mote de
Formosa's~Formosa de
Mitchell's~Mitchell
Gallagher~Gallagher
salon~salon
togging~togging
redirected~redirigé
warrant~mandat
Chatterley's~Chatterley de
rain~pluie
ruffled~froissée
rejudged~rejudged
baccalaureates~baccalauréats
randomised~randomisée
misunderstand~mal comprendre
skywriter's~de Skywriter
acknowledgements~remerciements
squalls~bourrasques
pianofortes~pianoforte
adman's~Années AdMan
calendar's~calendrier de
generalisations~generalisations
petitioner~pétitionnaire
Conner~Conner
scorned~dédaigné
cinema's~cinéma de
expels~expels
Blythe's~Blythe de
workplaces~lieux de travail
underworld~pègre
poohed~qui avait été ignorée
dehumanise~dehumanise
fondling~fondling
tarp~bâche
moulder~mouleur
valence~valence
woofer's~woofer de
chronologist~chronologiste
Cochin~Cochin
aquatic~aquatique
Gaia~Gaia
reference~référence
fighting's~fighting's
spoilage~détérioration
buyouts~buyouts
ankle's~chevilles
focus's~focus's
combativeness~combativeness
sooth~vérité
wallpapering~tapissage
tool's~outils
Lowe~Lowe
usefulness~utilité
acanthus's~Années acanthe
currents~currents
psychoanalyse~psychanalyser
Belorussians~Bélarussiens
penuriousness's~lésinerie de
bellhops~grooms
Monday~Lundi
conveying~conveying
codding~Codding
nefariously~nefariously
Keenan~Keenan
griped~griped
sharing~partage
WNW~ONO
dotted~dotted
genealogically~genealogically
Chibcha~chibcha
doctrine~doctrine
sisterhood~solidarité féminine
paediatrician's~pédiatre de
disambiguate~disambiguate
sufferers~personnes souffrant
citadels~citadelles
physical~physique
swash's~nutation de
teacake~teacake
skateboards~planches à roulettes
enthuses~enthuses
Lollard~Lollard
caisson's~de caisson
chart~graphique
Cassandra~Cassandra
volleying~volleyer
croupier~croupier
floppiness's~floppiness's
Unixes~unix
motility's~la mobilité de
housecleaning's~de housecleaning
Marisa's~Marisa
dukedom~dukedom
education's~education's
snugger~snugger
ray's~des rayons
clears~Clairs
Barr~Barr
growl's~growl's
traffickers~trafiquants
converter~converter
age's~âge
rearguard's~arrière-garde de
relevance~pertinence
globulin~globulin
revitalise~revivifier
upheavals~bouleversements
enthralment's~enthralment's
relying~se fondant
voicemail's~messagerie vocale de
results~résultats
discomfits~discomfits
chorused~chorus
sadomasochists~sadomasochistes
hubbub~brouhaha
task~tâche
ISS~ISS
friction~friction
Sheratan's~Sheratan de
modding~modding
alleviation~allégement
scentless~inodore
exposing~exposing
fool's~fool's
bundle's~liasses
Honeywell's~Honeywell de
bugger's~bougre de
topside~topside
pentagram~pentacle
baskets~paniers
unformed~informe
ravelling~effilochage
shows~montre
Schlesinger's~Schlesinger
Isuzu's~Isuzu de
cannelloni~cannelloni
proffer~présentation
Amerasian~amérasien
lifespans~l'espérance de vie
inconsistencies~incohérences
furiously~furiously
trendier~trendier
Ramsey~Ramsey
welsher's~welsher de
Pope~le pape
Basutoland~Basutoland
hierarchic~hiérarchisé
Asama~Asama
Shenandoah's~Shenandoah de
stimulus's~relance de
incipient~naissant
Jeff's~de Jeff
gigabits~gigabits
biennium's~exercice biennal de
radiator's~radiateur de
inquisitions~inquisitions
westernmost~ouest
deathbed's~deathbed's
Nolan's~Nolan
defacing~defacing
fuehrer's~fuehrer's
happiness~happiness
anchorman~Anchorman
Lillie's~Lillie de
hushing~chuintant
Dhaka~Dhaka
bites~morsures
Shakespearean~shakespearien
levier~Levier
Shanna~Shanna
fathers~fathers
militant's~de militants
flyspeck~flyspeck
producers~producteurs
excommunication's~excommunication's
Dudley's~Dudley
penetrations~pénétrations
schnozzles~schnozzles
hugs~câlins
Tuscaloosa's~Tuscaloosa de
pinpointed~mis le doigt
preempting~préempter
curb~curb
Siddhartha~Siddhartha
rattlebrain's~rattlebrain de
dispensable~dispensable
adamantly~inflexiblement
hardiest~hardiest
constructively~constructive
pettifogging~chicanier
imposing~imposant
hussy's~de drôlesse
Carmen~Carmen
elegant~elegant
buttering~beurrer
bisexuals~bisexuelles
itinerary~itinéraire
millibar's~millibar de
encroach~encroach
Lucio's~Lucio de
perambulators~landaus
saturation~saturation
molter~Molter
niggler's~Niggler de
partly~partiellement
thicker~plus épais
finality~finality
harked~harked
reckless~téméraire
hoardings~panneaux publicitaires
textile~textile
pushes~pousse
brownies~Brownies
altruism's~altruisme est
cyberpunks~cyberpunks
convector~convector
parasitical~parasitaire
Cameron's~Cameron
devising~devising
lanes~voies
worthiness~indignité
disgracefully~disgracefully
Jordanians~Jordaniens
worry's~l'inquiétude de
civet~civette
Hermitage~Ermitage
twisting~torsion
NPR~Radio Nationale Publique
micrometeorites~micrométéorites
Hermite~Hermite
chequerboard's~de damier
blackhead's~comédons de
temporal~temporel
jettison's~larguer de
lops~lops
destitution's~destitution's
aiding~aider
pinafore~tablier
neurosurgery~neurochirurgie
nomad~nomade
moulding~moulage
lint~peluche
Palikir~Palikir
decors~decors
pithier~pithier
Tamika~Tamika
corruptions~corruptions
multifaceted~aux multiples facettes
contradicts~contradicts
earthworm~earthworm
liege's~liege de
frosh's~frosh's
Shockley's~Shockley de
Cybele's~Cybèle de
fence~fence
spirit~esprit
tape~ruban
whirlwinds~trombes
Henson~Henson
excuse's~excuse's
bub's~Bub de
deserter's~deserter's
leniency~clémence
dearies~dearies
backstage~derrière la scène
sags~affaisse
temblor~temblor
pillar's~piliers
blimps~dirigeables
Spirograph~spirographe
ruddiness~rougeur
nabob's~nabab de
gospel~gospel
headsmen~bourreaux
ascent~ascension
chorale~chorale
watchtower~tour de guet
catalysed~catalysé
oak~chêne
cuboid~cuboid
diagnostician's~diagnostician's
unease~malaise
submersibles~sumergibles
untruthfulness~mensonge
soak~tremper
Fulbright~Fulbright
brandishing~brandir
puttered~puttered
laughing's~de rire
proportion~proportion
spastic~spasmodique
Acton's~Acton de
indicator~indicateur
pinpricks~piqûres d'épingle
addled~pourri
philological~philologique
neutraliser~neutraliseur
antlered~antlered
rigidly~rigidement
grebe~grebe
temperateness's~temperateness de
envious~envious
demising~demising
steed's~destrier de
Levant~Levant
Guam's~Guam de
too~aussi
sirree~sirree
garnered~garnered
Robeson's~Robeson de
meanest~plus vil
BC's~COLOMBIE-BRITANNIQUE
mutineers~mutinés
underlines~soulignements
concessional~concessionnels
Laplander~Lapon
stockades~estacades
unreconstructed~unreconstructed
Leeds~Leeds
anticlimax~déception
masochism's~de masochisme
Ryder~Ryder
Tillman~Tillman
debits~debits
key's~clés
rejecting~rejetant
sunhats~chapeaux de soleil
woodiness~woodiness
gazette's~gazette's
DOT~POINT
gander's~gander's
carnelians~cornaline
northerly's~du nord
dominion's~dominion's
nongranular~non granulaire
rejected~rejeté
takings's~recettes de
entanglements~entanglements
jolter's~de Jolter
job~emploi
calcify~calcifier
petrologist's~pétrologue de
ado's~OAD
malefic~malefic
fellers~fellers
Damien's~Damien
burrow's~tanière de
lummox's~lourdaud de
intermission's~entracte de
rationalisation~rationalisation
outcroppings~outcroppings
witch's~la sorcière
clods~mottes de terre
debauchee's~debauchee's
Andropov's~Andropov de
parasol's~parasol années
gloating~gloating
blaspheming~blasphémer
Isabelle's~Isabelle
memorialise~memorialize
ornamenting~ornementation
threats~des menaces
Rehnquist's~Rehnquist de
courtliest~courtliest
repaves~repaves
cooking~cooking
Dalton's~Dalton
naan~Naan
levelheadedness's~de levelheadedness
guardrail~guardrail
labyrinth~labyrinthe
porcelain~porcelaine
unrelated~sans rapport avec
implausibility's~invraisemblance de
transitive's~transitive de
strikings~les heurts violents
spritz~spritz
you'd~vous feriez
cathartic~cathartique
deregulation's~deregulation's
shoddy's~de mauvaise qualité
Flowers~Fleurs
sarong's~Années sarong
misplaced~mal placée
pothead's~pothead de
rivulet's~de ruisselet
colleague~collègue
presented~présenté
purifier's~purificateur de
bedim~BEDIM
Brandt~Brandt
lastingly~durablement
Somalian~Somalien
candelabra~candélabre
fusspot~fusspot
adverbials~adverbes
icicle's~de Icicle
ghetto~ghetto
Olympian's~années olympiennes
adventures~aventures
Nixon~Nixon
willingness's~la volonté de
receiver~récepteur
weakish~weakish
independence's~l'indépendance de
ruefulness~ruefulness
Jamaica's~La Jamaïque de
nailed~clouée
Keri's~Keri de
sing~chanter
arguer's~de débatteur
Moroccans~Marocains
adaptation~adaptation
hip's~les hanches
eviller~eviller
abrogations~abrogations
bobsleds~bobsleighs
Han~Han
Corinthians's~corinthiens de
physically~physiquement
UN~ONU
awing~Awing
obliterates~oblitère
oceanography~océanographie
sleepyhead~endormi
underused~sous-utilisé
autobiographically~autobiographiquement
darting~darting
blameworthiness~blâmable
uptown's~les quartiers chics de
impetuously~impétueusement
accessories~accessoires
Pakistan's~Pakistan de
pillock~con
disillusions~disillusions
lovelier~plus jolie
subnormal~subnormal
mobilise~mobiliser
paintbrush~pinceau
inserts~inserts
outstretched~tendu
eczema's~eczema's
sequestering~séquestrant
ampersand's~esperluette de
babysit~garder les enfants
Luzon's~Luzon de
peritoneal~péritonéale
loved~aimé
wellspring~wellspring
Esther~Esther
starchy~féculent
Gambia~Gambie
discomposing~discomposing
nestlings~oisillons
interpolated~interpolée
counteroffensive's~counteroffensive's
ANZUS's~ANZUS de
painfullest~painfullest
shelved~mis en veilleuse
isomer's~isomère de
ricochet's~Années ricochets
obsesses~obsède
saltshakers~salière
hatemonger~hatemonger
lagoon~lagune
bridging~pontage
grandson~grandson
sharpie's~Sharpie de
porpoised~porpoised
petal~pétale
Holocene's~Holocène de
fortress~fortress
larches~mélèzes
accessibility~accessibilité
southwestward~sud-ouest
speaks~parle
country's~country's
coated~recouvert
assiduousness's~de assiduousness
intellect~intellect
conga's~Conga de
paperweights~Paperweights
theoretical~théorique
Bobbie's~Bobbie de
Ira's~Ira de
unchangeable~non modifiable
fluky~fluky
Wash's~lavage de
complete~Achevée
Coventry's~Coventry de
Ilyushin's~Ilyushin de
saleable~vendable
strangulating~étranglant
occupy~occuper
stoic~stoïque
horrendously~effroyablement
racket's~de raquette
folktales~folktales
pinhead~tête d'épingle
mangers~auges
breve~brève
more's~mœurs
substances~substances
mumbling~marmonner
Allison~Allison
Croats~Croates
Leavenworth~Leavenworth
blizzard~blizzard
upwind~face au vent
central's~centrale de
backlashes~contrecoups
unmaking~démantèle
existence's~existence's
periscope's~Années périscope
backers~bailleurs de fonds
acanthuses~acanthes
Sonny~Fiston
Krupp~Krupp
reappraisal's~réappréciation de
awakening~éveil
Pepsi's~Pepsi
destabilization's~destabilization's
moonlighter~moonlighter
phone~téléphone
forking~forking
interrelations~interrelation
dessert's~dessert's
familiarisation's~familiarisation's
loquaciousness~loquacité
carnation~œillet
studiousness~assiduité
blockhouses~casemates
outlandishness~outlandishness
elegy's~elegy's
potsherds~tessons
effectual~effectual
drawback's~drawback's
amylase~amylase
stockade~palissade
Englishwomen~Anglaises
readmission~réadmission
pushiest~pushiest
ER~ER
Sylvia~Sylvia
quirt~cravacher
consultancy's~consultancy's
ribber's~Années Ribber
overruling~outrepassant
shillelagh's~shillelagh de
bienniums~biennaux
perpetuity's~perpétuité de
fatty~fatty
savable~savable
headway~avancement
glower's~glower's
Keewatin's~Keewatin de
untied~détaché
cosseting~cosseting
mitigate~atténuer
rifles~fusils
Chesterfield~Chesterfield
unconscionable~déraisonnable
overbite~overbite
remonstrate~protester
glycerol's~glycerol's
ASAP~au plus vite
wingspans~envergures
aliveness~aliveness
ml~ml
expressed~expressed
orneriness's~de orneriness
drunkards~drunkards
Frenchman's~Français de
boutonniere's~boutonnière de
Oldenburg's~Oldenburg de
ting's~ting de
Chattahoochee's~Chattahoochee de
toughie's~toughie de
degenerative~degenerative
culturally~culturally
reappeared~réapparu
manoeuvre's~manœuvre de
Kalb's~Kalb de
neurosurgeon~neurochirurgien
Flemish's~flamand de
Alexis's~Alexis de
artfully~astucieusement
effectuating~effectuating
escapologists~escapologists
Evans~Evans
vignetting~vignettage
handmaiden's~handmaiden's
pancreas~pancréas
rightfulness~légitimité
cuddles~cuddles
bleepers~Bleepers
copies~copies
reeducated~rééduqués
blameable~blâmable
pages~pages
Leonard's~Leonard
afflictions~afflictions
nearness's~proximité de
brushwork's~de coups de pinceau
unfurls~se déploie
Robert~Robert
concede~concéder
bi~bi
Kathryn's~Kathryn de
Chevy~Chevy
untidily~sans ordre
Odell's~Odell de
flavoursome~flavoursome
dumbwaiters~dumbwaiters
solemn~solennel
paraphrase~paraphrase
referenced~référencé
atmosphere's~l'atmosphère de
Hobbes~hobbes
seaming~seaming
hookers~putes
penicillin's~de la pénicilline
Swissair's~swissair de
disyllabic~disyllabic
dirt's~dirt's
reconfirmation's~de reconfirmation
tibia~tibia
cottontail~cottontail
Rachael's~Rachael de
nitpicking's~de tatillonne
Urquhart~Urquhart
delinquents~delinquents
chilblains~engelures
fault~fault
faculty~faculty
mama's~Maman
househusbands~Househusbands
spurge~euphorbe
spinach's~épinards de
dobbin's~dobbin's
decants~decants
reflected~reflété
Marissa's~Marissa
Natchez~natchez
estimate~estimate
maltreating~maltraitant
linseed~graine de lin
innervation's~de innervation
leftward~à gauche
Marvin's~Marvin
haemorrhoid~haemorrhoid
nonoccupational~non professionnelle
storytelling~contes
tittering~ricanements
italics's~Souligné
extensional~extensional
codpiece's~Années braguette
essayist~essayist
inattention's~de manque d'attention
prisons~prisons
expatiation~expatiation
perturbation~perturbation
nonbelligerent's~non belligérant de
foam~foam
trio~trio
Dixiecrat's~Dixiecrat de
savageness~savageness
framework's~framework's
isotherms~isothermes
lavalieres~lavalieres
satirically~d'une manière satirique
drains~drains
transmigration's~transmigration de
sarges~sarges
animadversion~animadversion
Heller's~Heller
helicoptered~héliporté
crankcase's~crankcase's
Solon's~Solon
Kathmandu's~Katmandou de
oenophile's~oenophile de
Cesar's~à César
Csonka's~Csonka de
duly~duly
babbles~babille
macrons~macrons
persecute~persécuter
apps~applications
slimier~slimier
rhizomes~rhizome
punctiliousness's~punctiliousness de
bearishly~bearishly
stuck~coincé
Forester~Forestier
worrier's~de worrier
calm~calme
Basie~Basie
invective~invective
hormones~les hormones
gill~gill
Cardozo's~Cardozo de
pruriently~pruriently
Clifford~Clifford
tediousness~tediousness
Boas's~Boas années
enumerable~enumerable
Stalin's~Staline
northerners~les habitants du Nord
ganging~ganging
conventioneer~conventioneer
Cosby's~Cosby de
reconverting~reconversions
wastrel~gaspilleur
TM~TM
Lynnette's~Lynnette de
graduation's~graduation's
hairdo's~hairdo's
simonized~simonized
Penney's~Penney
bibliophiles~bibliophiles
addles~addles
blowhole~évent
Bering's~de Béring
budgerigar's~perruche de
Godthaab~Godthaab
permission's~permission
enslaving~enslaving
playbills~affiches
humongous~humongous
letup~répit
derby~derby
hob~plaque
vermin~vermine
Noe~Noe
crumb's~crumb's
princely~princier
doorstep's~doorstep's
topiary's~de topiaire
gribble~gribble
beside~à côté de
onto~sur
Nukualofa's~Nukualofa de
Dalmatian~dalmatien
proceed~procéder
pipettes~pipettes
storehouse's~entrepôt de
grandaunt~grandaunt
dens~dens
submits~soumet
lawnmower~tondeuse à gazon
Victorians~Victoriens
dace's~dace's
sitcom~sitcom
piebald~pie
monger's~Monger de
monotheists~monotheists
cared~pris en charge
spading~bêchage
indexes~index
Casablanca's~Casablanca de
orbicular~orbiculaire
bravo~Bravo
Good~Bien
dyestuff~dyestuff
quadriceps's~quadriceps de
deodorant~deodorant
sophomores~étudiants en deuxième année
clarion~clairon
interviewer~interviewer
tapped~exploité
factoids~factoids
parching~assoiffé
Lolita's~Lolita de
natter~bavarder
fa's~fa's
disjointedly~disjointedly
Ukraine~Ukraine
spreads~se propage
colonnade~colonnade
influenza's~la grippe de
teletype~télétype
loud~bruyant
delinquently~delinquently
Tammie~Tammie
monopolisation's~de monopolisation
Independence~Indépendance
lithographers~lithographes
drumbeat~drumbeat
interposed~interposé
deluge~deluge
impingement's~empiètement de
enthused~enthused
injustice's~de l'injustice
beetles~scarabées
Glasgow~Glasgow
diplomatist~diplomatist
overstocked~encombré
effusion~effusion
mush~bouillie
UNIX's~UNIX de
handbill~handbill
whaled~whaled
foyers~foyers
peril~péril
haiku's~haiku's
grue~grue
Chappaquiddick~Chappaquiddick
themes~thèmes
withers's~Withers de
X~X
Shepard's~Shepard
neutralism~neutralisme
Bellamy's~Bellamy
forswearing~forswearing
Yanks~Coups secs
anticlines~anticlinaux
courtyard's~courtyard's
whiff's~relent de
Tweedledee~Tweedledee
Romany~romani
townships~townships
degree's~degree's
reformat~reformater
womb's~utérus de
dart~dart
indexation's~indexation de
cheek~joue
freeholder~freeholder
Townsend~Townsend
fibber~fibber
downdraught~downdraught
maiming~mutilant
ink's~de l'encre
Brandon's~Brandon de
ululated~ululated
fringed~fringed
Exxon's~Exxon
Poole's~Poole de
postmodernism~postmodernisme
prohibitions~interdictions
clamber's~clamber de
camped~campé
wheresoever~quelque lieu
limpest~limpest
Blanchard~Blanchard
stria's~Années strie
frigs~frigs
mesdames~mesdames
Laos~Laos
telephotos~téléobjectifs
memoirs~mémoires
homeostasis~homéostasie
scalawag's~de scalawag
grenadiers~grenadiers
oldness~oldness
transactions~transactions
gymkhana's~gymkhana's
masochist~masochiste
doorbells~doorbells
started~commencé
wrong's~a tort
misspelling~faute d'orthographe
novelisation's~de novelisation
Apollonian's~apollinien de
Sukarno's~Sukarno
betel~bétel
abases~abaisse
centenary's~centenaire de
scatterbrain~étourdi
Glenna~Glenna
tuft's~touffe de
geographical~geographical
sunlight's~la lumière du soleil de
Blackwell's~Blackwell
Meg's~Meg
neaps~PNAE
extradited~extradited
fluttered~fluttered
Mouton's~Mouton
Joshua~Joshua
Sikkimese's~Sikkim de
hood's~capot de
arrest's~L'arrestation
whack~battre
hoarding's~de thésaurisation
breather's~reniflard de
Bolivia~Bolivie
bagfuls~bagfuls
osculated~osculated
cultivar~cultivar
Thames's~Thames de
girl~girl
breastplate's~Années pectoral
autobiographer~autobiographer
directive's~directive's
bite's~morsure de
buildups~habillages
confusing~déroutant
stunting~retard de croissance
Hamilcar's~Hamilcar de
paramedical~paramédical
stylise~stylise
visceral~viscéral
Lepidus~Lepidus
Durant's~Durant de
cytologist~cytologist
rand~rand
disengagement's~disengagement's
earthwards~earthwards
soddenly~soddenly
Bertelsmann's~Bertelsmann de
bevelling~biseautage
bikini~bikini
poetaster~rimailleur
liberty~liberté
ensconcing~ensconcing
carrier~transporteur
candies~des sucreries
draughtsmanship's~draughtsmanship's
nubbin's~Années Nubbin
cypress's~cypress's
lugubrious~lugubre
Northampton's~Northampton de
Ebony~Ébène
Rico's~Rico de
permeated~pénétrée
influxes~afflux
Welshman~Gallois
Priam~Priam
biliousness's~de biliousness
bloomer~gaffe
insolently~insolemment
repudiated~répudié
concierges~concierges
fatties~fatties
piccolos~piccolos
overlaps~chevauchements
tentacle's~Années tentacule
booking~réservation
Harrell~Harrell
placidity's~de placidité
rivers~rivières
riptides~riptides
millwrights~millwrights
stewardess's~hôtesse de l'air de
ruminatively~ruminatively
lightweight~poids léger
relaxes~se détend
prettied~enjolivée
lackadaisical~apathique
egghead's~egghead's
multiplicand's~multiplicande de
bijou~bijou
Audi~Audi
neurosurgeon's~neurochirurgien de
propitiating~propitiatoire
impalas~impalas
Sarnoff~Sarnoff
keyboarding~dactylographie
remains~restes
Medicare~Assurance-maladie
melee~mêlée
skirt's~jupe
kleptomaniac's~kleptomane de
myrrh's~Années myrrhe
emoji~emoji
Orient~Orient
cults~cults
tilted~incliné
trajectories~trajectoires
communicant~communiant
testament~testament
link~lien
nations~nations
tumbler's~gobelet de
earpieces~earpieces
perfidiously~perfidement
Ginsberg~Ginsberg
dismissal~dismissal
cabstand's~cabstand de
yesteryear~années passées
revise's~Révisez de
friskiness's~friskiness's
joblessness~chômage
waterfront's~front de mer de
sploshing~sploshing
alleluias~alléluias
adulthood~l'âge adulte
hod's~Hod de
multimillionaire's~multimillionnaire de
upfront~à l'avant
always~toujours
hotlinks~hyperliens
inefficiently~insuffisamment
provident~prévoyant
sworn~juré
musketry~tir
encystment~encystment
tidier~tidier
nepenthe~népenthès
scanter~scanter
inflate~gonfler
suckling's~tétée de
checkmating~échec et mat
runabout's~de runabout
scamp~polisson
counterexamples~counterexamples
bitch~chienne
propitiate~se concilier
ditto~ditto
Barquisimeto~barquisimeto
trifecta's~Années Trifecta
granule~granule
finalised~finalised
horsetails~prêles
cancerous~cancéreux
Polynesia~Polynésie
stringy~filandreux
exponentially~exponentially
memorable~mémorable
progressed~progressé
Rasmussen~Rasmussen
Siddhartha's~Siddhartha de
bookcase's~bibliothèque de
sternly~un ton sévère
Mantegna~Mantegna
hem~ourlet
reinvigorate~donner un nouvel élan
hesitantly~avec hésitation
blameworthiness's~de blâmable
Harper~Harper
whinnies~hennit
polytechnic's~école polytechnique de
Cervantes~Cervantes
busied~occupa
phishing~phishing
fullback~fullback
anaerobically~conditions anaérobies
Xochipilli~Xochipilli
chugging~chugging
ionosphere's~ionosphère
Boeotian~béotien
divisive~divisive
organza's~organdi de
representative's~du représentant
penchants~penchans
bash~frapper
reasonableness~caractère raisonnable
Inuit~Inuits
squalling~piaillement
semiglosses~semiglosses
karmic~karmique
Ijsselmeer's~IJsselmeer de
Pyrrhic~Pyrrhus
behinds~behinds
vandals~vandales
midwinter~solstice d'hiver
infertility's~de l'infertilité
underwriting~souscription
Carr~Carr
complicity's~complicité de
wakeful~éveillé
Sphinx~Sphinx
stultify~abrutir
crinoline~crinoline
catchment~bassin versant
forgettable~forgettable
familiarised~familiarised
turnbuckle's~ridoir de
delectation's~delectation's
Lamentations~Lamentations
hover~flotter
wrongdoers~fautifs
prewar~avant la guerre
deplores~deplores
firebrand~firebrand
gushiest~gushiest
dispersion~dispersion
harpooner~harponneur
misappropriation~détournement
billfold~portefeuille
scrump~scrump
Triton's~Triton de
Moss~Mousse
blissful~bienheureux
Philips's~Philips de
potpie~potpie
calls~appels
potash~potasse
Riyadh~Riyad
disinvestment~disinvestment
harmonic's~harmonic's
subtlest~subtile
soliloquies~soliloques
payday~salaire
keywords~mots clés
Venusian~vénusienne
impersonators~imitateurs
lamplight's~de lumière artificielle
Allen's~Allen
wakings~wakings
intestine's~intestins
clawing~griffant
striptease~strip-tease
obscurer~obscur
brayed~brayait
acquaintances~des connaissances
holiday~vacances
hydrosphere~hydrosphère
Sven~Sven
lawful~légitime
Ursula's~Ursula
firehouses~firehouses
investing~investisseur
adventuress's~de l'aventurière
siphons~siphons
frisky~frisky
augment~augmenter
injury~blessure
caramels~caramels
NB~NB
ageism~âgisme
true's~vrai de
conscription's~de la conscription
imitates~imite
rallying~ralliement
sorcerer~sorcier
antitrust~antitrust
linkages~liens
clique~clique
forenames~forenames
Iris~Iris
anatomy's~L'anatomie du
Baum's~Baum
Clausewitz's~Clausewitz
consonances~consonances
purest~la plus pure
gynaecology's~gynaecology's
desalinises~desalinises
hurt's~fait mal
equivalent's~equivalent's
impregnated~imprégnés
salesclerk~salesclerk
oratorically~oratoirement
lettering~caractères
Pedro~Pedro
indenture's~de acte de fiducie
clingers~clingers
icier~plus glacial
hoke~Hoke
remarrying~remarier
inspectorates~services d'inspection
trumpery's~de camelote
hypothyroid~hypothyroid
pimiento~Pimiento
measlier~measlier
reflates~reflates
nightshirt~chemise de nuit
dogtrotting~dogtrotting
reclamation's~la remise en état de
conceives~conçoive
looker's~looker de
fund's~fund's
crossbar's~crossbar's
FL~FL
Mellon~Mellon
conman's~de arnaqueur
jerk's~secousse de
anarchist's~anarchiste de
airhead~airhead
braids~tresses
Marciano~Marciano
defencelessness's~defencelessness's
kayo's~Kayo de
Gainsborough's~Gainsborough de
Tsimshian~Tsimshian
Charlie's~Charlie
statesmanship~habileté politique
daemonic~daemonic
raft~radeau
staffing's~de la dotation en personnel
mayor's~Le maire de
blizzard's~Blizzard
Shrek~Shrek
blueish~blueish
clxiv~CLXIV
twosomes~twosomes
bloods~bloods
chichi's~Chichi de
geocentric~geocentric
reemphasise~reemphasise
monetarism~monétarisme
Hubble's~Hubble
watchtowers~échauguettes
demised~demised
Akbar's~Akbar
paranoia's~années paranoïa
handiest~handiest
serial~en série
hike's~randonnées
grandfathering~grandfathering
midsection~midsection
turfing~engazonnement
decelerator's~decelerator's
hoarsely~d'une voix rauque
maroon~bordeaux
moustache's~moustache de
deforesting~deforesting
beautician's~esthéticienne de
hamstringing~hamstringing
mangiest~mangiest
heaviness~lourdeur
horseshoes~fers à cheval
tiddlywinks~tiddlywinks
enigmas~enigmas
lowlands~bas-fonds
basilisks~basilics
messaging~Messagerie
inventive~inventif
missilery's~missilery de
Disraeli's~Disraeli
legend's~légendes
curates~curates
instating~instating
ungodly~impie
eggs~eggs
preset~préréglage
dibbles~dibbles
store~le magasin
disheartened~disheartened
etiquette's~etiquette's
excerpted~excerpted
Atlas~Atlas
haggler~haggler
degas~degas
gladiator~gladiator
dentifrice's~dentifrice's
colloquially~familièrement
readmitting~réadmettre
topknot~chignon
gawk~gawk
heresy~hérésie
schoolyard~cours d'école
Hiss~Sifflement
aristocratically~aristocratiquement
spelling's~l'orthographe de
wavelengths~longueurs d'onde
evanescence~evanescence
menagerie's~années ménagerie
mindfully~mindfully
fiddling~fiddling
inspires~qu'inspire
metering~mesure
ambiguously~ambigüe
derisory~derisory
commensurable~commensurable
amnesiacs~amnésiques
applicators~applicateurs
domineeringly~domineeringly
Navajo~Navajo
Mulligan~Mulligan
squealer's~grincement de
supplanting~évincement
rerouting~déroutement
princedom's~principat de
bakeshop~une boulangerie
elaborate~elaborate
precipices~précipices
nailbrush's~nailbrush de
beadiest~beadiest
lii~lii
Quaoar~Quaoar
drives~drives
hundredths~centièmes
Gasser~Gasser
manured~engraissé
Wessex~Wessex
Christian's~Les chrétiens
podiatrist~podologue
mousiest~mousiest
colt's~de COLT
Sapporo~Sapporo
anagram's~de anagram
viruses~virus
Heisman's~Heisman de
isle's~île de
radio's~la radio de
extinction~extinction
beeper's~beeper de
practised~exercé
miss's~manque de
spindle's~broche de
believers~croyants
twenty's~vingt de
mistimes~mistimes
woodsman~bûcheron
weed~cannabis
shucking~écaillage
wagged~remua
campanologists~sonneurs
benefactor's~bienfaiteur de
decentralised~decentralised
guestbooks~guestbooks
catfish's~poisson-chat années
spritzer's~panaché de
unifies~unifie
woolliness~verbosité
slides~diapositives
grubstake~grubstake
instils~instille
derriere~derriere
overwork's~de la surcharge de travail
scoping~scoping
Vazquez~Vazquez
mate's~compagnon de
boogieman's~de boogieman
salvos~salvos
dehydrogenating~dehydrogenating
paternally~paternellement
professorship's~de professorat
wackos~wackos
March~Mars
crosscurrent's~crosscurrent's
haring~haring
kaddishes~kaddishes
purists~puristes
feather's~feather's
awkwardly~maladroitement
Waldemar's~Waldemar de
defensibly~defensibly
transitively~transitive
thermal~thermique
Riel's~Riel
inessential~non essentiel
Hoffman's~Hoffman
tumbril~tombereau
Valenzuela~Valenzuela
suavely~suavement
cornball's~cornball's
needlessness~inutilité
Liberia~Libéria
staccatos~staccatos
ordination~ordination
nearsightedness~nearsightedness
Bunyan's~Bunyan de
refrozen~recongelés
catchalls~catchalls
barista~barista
hostels~auberges
nonsmoking~non-fumeur
goatherd's~goatherd's
grasp's~grasp's
stigmatises~stigmatise
meritocracy~méritocratie
Hale~Vigoureux
styptic's~de hémostatiques
Tb~tb
paracetamol~paracetamol
voyage's~voyage de
rhos~rhos
roadwork's~travaux
transference~transfert
Shaffer's~Shaffer de
lollipop~sucette
catechising~catéchiser
oleander~laurier-rose
loneliness~solitude
slurp~slurp
Bennett's~Bennett
incubated~incubées
hogs~porcs
spark~étincelle
Ganesha~Ganesha
Latin~Latin
homelessness's~L'iTINÉRANCE
impala~impala
maddest~maddest
Euclid~Euclide
Vogue's~Vogue de
Pensacola~Pensacola
droppers~droppers
peahen's~Années paonne
quill~penne
Sumner~Sumner
nurture's~nourrir de
exaction~exaction
thwarted~contrecarré
macadamias~macadamia
out~en dehors
eyelid~eyelid
Hubert's~HUBERT
smear's~frottis de
Telemachus's~Télémaque de
silversmiths~orfèvres
worthlessness's~de dévalorisation
dishcloth's~dishcloth's
decamps~decamps
niggas~Niggas
copperhead's~copperhead's
undismayed~sans se laisser abattre
Lab~Laboratoire
oldies~Oldies
gussied~gussied
eatable's~eatable's
barracking~casernement
mentally~mentalement
randomly~au hasard
jalapenos~jalapenos
mullion's~meneau de
bigwig~grosse légume
tennis's~le tennis de
idiosyncrasies~idiosyncrasies
inanimateness~inanimé
substantiations~substantiations
austerely~austèrement
ante~ante
likeliest~plus probable
stumbles~trébuche
bedecked~parée
FDIC~FDIC
desertion~desertion
cicadas~cigales
recolonisation~recolonisation
cull~cull
colophon~colophon
methodicalness's~methodicalness de
prompts~instructions
Dorian's~Dorian
slaughterer's~massacreur de
scribble's~gribouillis de
muftis~muftis
federated~federated
relented~radouci
instruments~instruments
remembering~remémoration
internee's~de internee
overage's~de surtitrage
palatine's~palatine de
Adm~adm
flatworms~flatworms
Camelot~Camelot
radish's~radis années
Cray~Cray
HRH~SAR
Aberdeen's~Aberdeen de
hushed~feutré
subsidy's~subvention de
monkeyshines~Monkeyshines
boils~furoncles
Teri~Teri
plant~plante
deface~deface
fiery~fiery
mercantilism's~de mercantilisme
vulgarest~vulgaire
bot~bot
colloidal~colloïdal
applauders~applaudisseurs
kidnaps~kidnappe
septuagenarians~septuagénaires
demonstrativeness~demonstrativeness
treadled~treadled
veggieburgers~burgers végétariens
obviate~obvier
plunderers~spoliateurs
aligns~aligne
Tb's~Tb
incineration~incinération
miked~MikeD
spawn~frayer
spaceman~astronaute
end's~end's
towboats~pousseurs
calderas~caldeiras
axletree's~axletree de
gilts~gilts
mintier~MINTIER
dinning~dinning
Floyd's~Floyd
formality's~formality's
discrepancies~discrepancies
nevus's~Années naevus
enunciated~enunciated
Madam~Madame
ravers~ravers
Cartier's~Cartier
overwinter~hiverner
cavalier~cavalier
disinheritance~disinheritance
feed~feed
arrogance's~l'arrogance de
axolotl's~Années axolotl
backwards~en arrière
offsetting~compensation
electromagnetism's~electromagnetism's
bitterness's~amertume de
Krugerrand's~Krugerrand de
explanation's~explanation's
taximeter~taximètre
closemouthed~closemouthed
leak's~fuite de
tuna's~du thon
pagination's~de pagination
rearrests~nouvelles arrestations
saluted~salués
pitons~pitons
stooped~se baissa
workshop's~ateliers
insinuator's~Infinuant de
birdbath's~de birdbath
encoder's~encoder's
railcards~Railcards
knuckledusters~coups de poing
assemblywomen~L'Assemblée des femmes
Mantle's~Mantle de
estranges~estranges
glassblower~glassblower
waveringly~hésitante
unresponsiveness~absence de réponse
commandments~commandements
woodland's~bois de
premiers~premiers ministres
Luanda's~Luanda de
Byzantines~Byzantins
lockout's~de lock-out
twitchiest~twitchiest
Pacific~Pacifique
debouches~debouches
Maisie's~Maisie de
snatch's~arracher de
neutrons~neutrons
mulching~paillage
yardmasters~chefs de triage
Micky's~Micky
modulator's~modulateur de
brief's~slips
scurf's~Années scurf
television~télévision
gratingly~gratingly
dismissive~dismissive
anchorpeople~anchorpeople
Antichrists~antéchrists
pirogi's~Années Pirogi
Grenadian's~de grenadins
sucker's~ventouse de
hinters~Hinters
rendition~interprétation
needling~aiguilletage
ungodliness's~impiétés de
swallowtail~machaon
Fahd's~Fahd de
prostitutes~les prostituées
cheesiest~nase
Mubarak's~Moubarak
Houdini's~Houdini de
Mobil~Mobil
Sculley's~Sculley de
Sabik~Sabik
verdigris~verdigris
Eurasian's~années eurasiennes
trysting~trysting
IEEE~IEEE
boniness~boniness
endocrinologist's~endocrinologist's
finicky~finicky
fullest~fullest
Bologna~Bologne
initials~initiales
homestretch~homestretch
doggones~doggones
intuition's~l'intuition de
mien's~de mine
royalty~royalties
springboard~tremplin
Intel's~Intel
slurred~empâté
bidder~soumissionnaire
lateraled~lateraled
Lobachevsky~Lobachevsky
lemme~lemme
flashily~flashily
tatter~lambeau
draper's~draper's
physics's~Années physique
Kasai's~Kasai de
halfpenny~halfpenny
cosmoses~cosmoses
teleprinters~téléscripteurs
soured~aigri
hygiene's~l'hygiène du
Bowers~Bowers
nontheatrical~nontheatrical
madrasah~médersa
passivize~passivize
palliating~palliant
haunches~jarrets
conscripts~conscrits
Kilauea~Kilauea
lawnmower's~tondeuse à gazon de
swains~soupirants
Lockwood~Lockwood
crooner's~crooner's
decision~decision
tuxedos~smokings
cyberbully's~cyberbully's
Virginia~Virginie
reacquaints~renoue
freshens~freshens
antipasto~antipasti
footprint~footprint
shah's~Shah
Boulder's~Boulder
hairsplitter~hairsplitter
barons~barons
solid~solide
Luigi~Luigi
intuitiveness~intuitivité
garnished~garnished
embryologist~embryologist
kinkiest~kinkiest
Winnebago~Winnebago
perming~perming
Henry's~Henry
nonspecialist~non-spécialistes
rotas~rotas
slurring~empâtement
shoots~pousses
redeliver~relivrer
erases~erases
relaunch~relance
pilots~pilotes
photogenic~photogénique
carcinogenicity~cancérogénicité
collude~comploter
sheepherder~sheepherder
Irene~Irene
Sudetenland's~Sudètes de
concatenations~concaténations
cuppa~cuppa
Wiemar's~de Weimar
misdiagnosis's~un mauvais diagnostic de
whirr~vrombissement
pliable~souple
hesitate~hésiter
Goldie~Goldie
delight's~delight's
coagulant~coagulant
bah~bah
ululation's~hululement de
marginalises~marginalise
shelter's~de l'abri
reputes~reputes
muggers~muggers
Adelaide~Adélaïde
orangutans~orangs-outans
globule's~globule's
bob~bob
symptom~symptôme
Gabriel~Gabriel
defile's~defile's
ingenuity's~l'ingéniosité de
nursling's~de nourrisson
Cyprian~Cyprian
Ariosto~Ariosto
terrazzos~terrazzos
nonpolluting~non polluant
mash's~purée de
vouching~re'pondant
volubility~volubilité
defeats~defeats
luck's~la chance de
propelled~automotrice
swathed~andains
bedded~lits
calmed~calmée
ceasefire~cessez-le
bellows~soufflet
forefathers~forefathers
pure~pur
spectate~spectate
gaffing~gaffing
fig's~fig's
maelstrom's~maelström de
spearmint~menthe verte
Armageddon~Armageddon
ombudsman~ombudsman
tollbooth~tollbooth
walled~paroi
wastage~gaspillage
pharmacopoeia's~pharmacopées de
appeasement~apaisement
instituting~instituante
migrating~la migration
athlete~athlète
provision~disposition
tither's~tither de
glasnost's~glasnost's
Pompey~Pompey
euros~euros
Gordon~Gordon
infinite~infini
comforter's~couette de
grommets~grommets
Jonahs~Jonahs
intrinsic~intrinsèque
formalise~formalise
flunk's~flunk's
Oedipus~Œdipe
chin's~le menton de
identification's~identification de
Pirandello~Pirandello
Cabral's~Cabral de
preaching~prédication
puffiest~les plus gonflés
lesbianism~lesbianisme
yuppies~yuppies
borders~les frontières
civilisations~civilisations
atoning~rédemptrice
embryologists~embryologists
enmeshed~enmeshed
ideograms~idéogrammes
Nicklaus's~Nicklaus de
PayPal~Pay Pal
uncanny~étrange
redistributors~redistributeurs
TB's~Tb
strictly~strictement
rub's~rub de
Minamoto's~Minamoto de
magnate's~magnat de
Fidel's~Fidel
summon~convoquer
claps~claps
cognomen~nom de famille
chiropractic~chiropratique
topper's~haut de forme de
courtliness~courtliness
tarn's~TARN de
shot~coup
honeybee's~abeilles domestiques de
skirmish~escarmouche
scouted~repéré
antedating~antidater
emo~emo
adman~adman
tartly~aigrement
disaffiliated~disaffiliated
reawaken~faire renaître
Newfoundland~Terre-Neuve
epoxies~epoxies
sweetie's~Années de Sweetie
boasting~vantant
hypertensive~hypertensive
parts~les pièces
backhandedly~backhandedly
divorcing~divorcing
hypertrophy's~hypertrophie de
demilitarising~demilitarising
demotion~demotion
dabbed~dabbed
swashes~paraphes
monastic's~monastique de
hang's~hang's
bowdlerise~bowdlerise
Premyslid's~Premyslid de
flinching~flinching
furtive~furtive
victimise~victimiser
halftone's~halftone's
Eden~Eden
whitish~blanchâtre
Woodard~woodard
prescience~prescience
analgesia~analgésie
converges~converges
Gruyere~Gruyère
hitchhike's~autostop de
laud~louange
botnets~botnets
temperate~tempéré
alphanumerical~alphanumérique
righteous~vertueux
carousel~carrousel
deviance~deviance
saxophone's~saxophone de
avarice~avarice
blasting~minage
cosponsoring~cosponsoring
percolating~percoler
ATP's~ATP de
handkerchief's~handkerchief's
studbooks~studbooks
unrestrained~effréné
Sextans~Sextans
washrag's~Années washrag
silks~soies
nucleates~nucléation
insinuators~insinuators
narrations~narrations
Maggie's~Maggie
victory's~La victoire de
Izmir's~Izmir de
scintillas~scintillas
develop~develop
thug~voyou
vulture's~vautour de
aetiology's~de étiologies
direct~direct
reconnoitres~reconnaissances
LCM~LCM
decimal~decimal
executable~executable
ungodlier~ungodlier
harpsichord~clavecin
fruitfulness's~fruitfulness's
Athabasca~Athabasca
premises~locaux
starer's~Starer de
abnegating~abnégation
fountainheads~fountainheads
recharge's~recharge de
steamship~navire à vapeur
cutest~cutest
upsilon~Upsilon
dope's~dope's
sarongs~sarongs
recant~rétracter
ancillaries~ancillaires
unsafest~unsafest
folklorist~folklorist
lxvi~LXVI
codon~codon
broadsided~frappée de côté
Masonite's~Masonite de
Gallic~gaulois
webcasts~Diffusion sur le Web
Hamill's~Hamill de
harmfully~harmfully
chronicled~chroniqué
misshape~misshape
electrons~electrons
Arden's~Arden de
disposables~disposables
classifications~classifications
redelivering~la restitution simultanée
sharpshooting's~tir de précision de
downriver~downriver
Eva's~Eva
chemotherapy~chimiothérapie
splicer~colleuse
restaurateurs~restaurateurs
undersigning~soussignée
fayre~fayre
nectarines~nectarines
synth~synthé
enquiry's~enquiry's
sunlit~ensoleillé
blowup's~explosé
immunologic~immunologic
Quincy~Quincy
Goebbels's~années Goebbels
Trailways's~Années Trailways
configuration's~configuration de
prehensile~préhensile
inherits~inherits
Masonic~Maçonnique
fatefully~fatefully
Patel's~Patel de
riot's~émeutes
toils~rets
nonobligatory~non obligatoire
shitty~merdique
regrowing~repousses
stargazes~stargazes
percentage's~pourcentage de
Nev~Nev
musicality~musicalité
nightlife~vie nocturne
West~Ouest
malapropism~impropriété de langage
Tuscon's~Tuscon de
newspaperwoman's~de newspaperwoman
charlatan's~charlatan de
bandage~bandage
tricolour~tricolore
stowage's~l'arrimage de
ghoul's~ghoul's
farrier~farrier
Falstaff's~Falstaff de
discord~discord
jailbreak's~de jailbreak
amenity~aménité
Haidas~Haïdas
manners~manières
resurfacing~resurfaçage
shyster's~de shyster
proportioning~proportionnement
repentance~repentir
coagulation~coagulation
laparoscopic~laparoscopique
extrication's~extrication's
nightwatchmen~veilleurs de nuit
benevolently~bienveillamment
readers~lecteurs
press's~presse de
narcosis's~narcose de
loggerheads~couteaux tirés
strengthener's~de fortifiant
wanna~veux
leavings's~Années leavings
epiphany's~epiphany's
Bergen~Bergen
disuse's~disuse's
Denmark~Danemark
AZ's~AZ de
advantaging~avantageant
Lowery's~Lowery de
fluency's~fluency's
crumminess's~crumminess's
tab~languette
grisliest~grisliest
reformatories~réformatoires
picket's~piquet de
welshed~welshed
maddened~affolées
transubstantiation~transsubstantiation
prions~prion
inactivated~inactivés
MD~MARYLAND
dilettante's~dilettante's
jolters~jolters
ratepayer~contribuable
twelvemonths~douze mois
faux~faux
economy~economy
virulence's~la virulence de
belletrist's~belletrist de
sherbet~sorbet
obfuscations~obscurcissements
gazelle's~gazelle's
Omaha's~Omaha de
Mondrian's~Mondrian
lathed~lattée
until~jusqu'à
pouffe~pouf
anthologist~anthologiste
jobbed~à revendre
sagest~SAGEST
Hagar~Hagar
Katy~Katy
fermium's~fermium's
sou's~sou de
achieved~réalisé
webcam's~webcam de
dirtiness~dirtiness
white's~blancs
swami's~swami de
Bernadette~Bernadette
unbarring~déverrouillge
slapstick's~slapstick de
typewrites~machines à écrire
Kawasaki~Kawasaki
offings~offings
ineffably~ineffablement
DH~DH
overfeed~suralimenter
marcher's~marcheuse de
axons~axones
depopulation's~depopulation's
verdigrised~verdigrised
smokes~clopes
Volcker~Volcker
briefness~brièveté
trailblazers~Trail Blazers
tenancy's~location de
irradiate~irradier
key~clé
digitise~digitise
zine~zine
moxie's~Moxie de
apron~tablier
bathmat's~tapis de bain
digging~digging
depression~depression
pliers~pinces
whatchamacallit's~whatchamacallit de
viewfinder~viseur
vicarage~presbytère
strawberry's~fraises de
headword's~de mot-clé
Cato's~Cato de
surrealism's~surréalisme de
legit~légitime
snivelling~pleurnicheries
barehanded~à mains vides
Obama's~Obama
chickenshit~chickenshit
workload~charge de travail
sorest~plus douloureux
Merino's~Merino de
Ayers~Ayers
Indore's~Indore de
liable~assujetti
stifling~étouffant
arsenal~arsenal
GU~GU
meter~mètre
fortified~fortified
surges~surtensions
disfranchising~disfranchising
Jimenez's~Jimenez de
salesmanship~art de la vente
dosed~dosed
fructose's~fructose's
Babylon's~Babylon de
Luigi's~Luigi
disobeying~disobeying
astigmatism's~de l'astigmatisme
speakeasy~speakeasy
Schnauzer~schnauzer
gustatory~gustatory
smelted~fondu
ogreish~ogreish
Gareth's~Gareth de
colliery's~de charbonnage
bolting~verrouillage
conservation~préservation
threatened~menacés
assembling~assemblage
beggaring~beggaring
pawnbroking's~de prêts sur gages
Mongolian's~de Mongolie
brickyards~briqueteries
runlet's~runlet de
specs~spécification
cognate's~de même origine
palpably~manifestement
enclosing~enclosing
anticyclones~anticyclones
floorboard's~floorboard's
abdominal~abdominal
acing~acing
Plath's~Plath de
Ge's~GE
rogered~rogered
punditry's~punditry de
bluer~bluer
turret~tourelle
grieves~grieves
lousy~pouilleux
reedy~de roseaux
Hathaway's~Hathaway
supervisions~supervisions
rd~e
atrociously~atrocement
delusion's~delusion's
unreliability's~de manque de fiabilité
sputnik~spoutnik
spillways~déversoirs
abusiveness's~de la grossièreté
elephantine~elephantine
Sennett~Sennett
Ibiza~Ibiza
Leiden~Leiden
equivalents~equivalents
misting~brumisation
smogs~smogs
pours~verse
smilax's~salsepareille de
Dostoevsky's~Dostoïevski
kowtow~se prosterner
nationalistic~nationaliste
astrologists~astrologues
neurasthenic~neurasthénique
mutated~muté
prospectuses~prospectus
compression~compression
disorientation~disorientation
retainer's~de retenue de
telecommute~télétravailler
housed~logé
precised~précisée
lathered~moussé
coyotes~coyotes
womanise~womanise
kindergarteners~kindergarteners
scrod~scrod
nadir's~nadir de
Eliza's~Eliza
Landsat~Landsat
spadix's~Années spadice
starchily~starchily
tunic's~tunique
nettled~piqué
intermediate's~intermédiaire de
ricking~ricking
teleological~téléologique
matts~Matts
emotionless~emotionless
respires~respire
solos~solos
dogma's~dogma's
ruthless~impitoyable
reissues~rééditions
fledgling~fledgling
detachment's~detachment's
goosed~goosed
Olympiads~olympiades
casein's~caséine de
TQM~TQM
Olympia's~Olympia de
percents~Percents
bedsitters~bedsitters
seller's~les vendeurs
baloney~balivernes
disinfects~disinfects
dialectics's~dialectics's
legalise~légaliser
Cornelia~Cornelia
effervescence's~effervescence's
banking~bancaire
grains~grains
tangerine~mandarine
sunbathes~bains de soleil
spandex's~spandex de
temperance~tempérance
octaves~octaves
blubbering~chialer
merrymakers~noceurs
compatibles~compatibles
methods~méthodes
nonusers~non-utilisateurs
adverser~adverser
inhaled~inhalée
Holsteins~Holsteins
protocol's~Protocole relatif aux
Hardy's~Hardy
hemispheric~hémisphérique
Sprite~Lutin
Congo~Congo
Whitehall's~Whitehall de
microchip~puce électronique
porousness~porosités
Brandeis's~Brandeis de
gene~gene
appliances~appareils électroménagers
royalties's~redevances de
rifling's~de spoliation
Borobudur~Borobudur
outfaced~outfaced
attracted~attiré
pointillism~pointillisme
bandanna~foulard
supermarkets~supermarchés
overran~envahirent
shamefulness's~de hontes
aside~de côté
agreeable~agréable
titches~titches
sequester~séquestrer
Fraulein~Fraulein
preempt~devancer
IMF~FMI
wielder~wielder
Zollverein's~Zollverein de
ashed~cendré
misplays~misplays
daises~daises
apologising~excusant
superegos~surmoi
spiderweb~toile d'araignée
incrustations~incrustations
Bragg's~Bragg
poohing~poohing
spacing~espacement
Tongan's~tongien de
commonly~communément
frying~frying
joyously~joyeusement
square's~place
chestful's~chestful de
libraries~bibliothèques
tots~Tots
substation~sous-station
Barnabas~Barnabé
camps~camps
bereft~privé
derelicts~derelicts
ramrodding~ramrodding
enshrine~enshrine
ambergris's~Ambergris de
Dillard's~Dillard
unpack~déballer
dinosaur's~dinosaur's
yurt's~Années Yourte
counterpointed~counterpointed
Mysore~Mysore
capsuling~capsulage
emission's~emission's
underhandedness~sournoiserie
grained~grained
Adriatic's~Adriatique de
assist's~Assist
moneybag's~de moneybag
bumble~Bumble
Saskatoon's~Saskatoon de
haltering~haltering
consed~CONSED
bonk~bonk
Donetsk~Donetsk
sailplanes~sailplanes
kindliness~bonté
laudanum's~de laudanum
sequel's~suite de
below~au dessous de
declamation's~declamation's
sounders~sondeurs
Stevenson's~Stevenson
malfunctioning~dysfonctionnement
Zorn~Zorn
phial's~phial de
Mubarak~Moubarak
Oscar~oscar
splotched~taché
More's~Mœurs
twitters~gazouille
organic's~de organiques
quickfire~tambour battant
capitally~capitalement
ficus~ficus
distraught~distraught
lxi~LXI
antioxidants~antioxydants
wangle~combine
footnote~footnote
alternately~alternativement
reservation's~Réservations
implores~implore
leastwise~leastwise
NE~NE
hieroglyphic's~hiéroglyphique de
outraces~outraces
pines~pins
horse~cheval
ponced~ponced
Venice~Venise
dais's~dais's
Austin~Austin
gallerias~gallerias
IKEA's~IKEA de
taciturnity~taciturnité
copiers~copiers
Chaney's~Chaney de
Cash's~de l'argent
salty~salé
Good's~Des biens
dismally~dismally
evanescence's~evanescence's
semitropical~semi-tropical
Amiga's~Amiga de
coating's~de revêtement
secretary's~secrétaire de
winkle's~Winkle de
intelligent~intelligent
dullest~dullest
facially~facially
Uzis~Uzi
floras~floras
courser~courser
jocund~gai
hashed~hachée
abhorrent~odieux
Swansea~Swansea
Villon's~Villon
troubleshot~troubleshot
rapscallion's~de rapscallion
chartering~affrètements
spied~espionné
Acadia's~Acadie de
Uighur~ouïghoure
expedience~expedience
defoliators~defoliators
reweighed~repesé
detoxes~detoxes
rectify~rectifier
controversially~controversially
epitomise~epitomise
divestiture's~divestiture's
southwesterly~sud-ouest
panellist's~de panéliste
awake~éveillé
airtime's~temps d'antenne de
realigning~réalignant
latency~latence
incivility's~de impolitesse
grapevines~grapevines
innovatory~novateur
sandpapered~poncé
cystic~cystic
counsellor~counsellor
outwits~déjoue
notabilities~notabilités
Gale~Coup de vent
development~development
grunion~grunion
famish~famish
cooed~cooed
infrequence~infrequence
compulsively~compulsivement
Gargantua's~Gargantua
deflates~deflates
regardless~indépendamment
persuasive~persuasif
evincing~evincing
sticks~des bâtons
Thelma~Thelma
alleyways~venelles
luminary's~de luminaire
canola~canola
Kommunizma's~Kommunizma de
Uzbek's~ouzbek de
social~social
imagined~imaginé
heighten~augmenter
tropospheres~tropospheres
harrows~herses
artistic~artistique
Marxian~marxien
gymnosperm's~gymnosperm's
Cajun's~cajun de
anodising~anodisation
dc~dc
roughshod~piétiner
moots~Moots
catarrh~catarrhe
adrenals~surrénale
announcing~annonce
laminae~lamines
vocational~professionnel
retroactive~rétroactif
plenipotentiary's~Plénipotentiaire de
prodded~aiguillonné
Gardner~Gardner
compassionately~compatissante
may~mai
wafting~Transportant
thorniness~Épines
litchi~litchi
Theocritus's~Théocrite de
unjust~injuste
lessee's~lOCATAIRE
artistry~talent artistique
Mather~Mather
Angus's~Angus de
flossy~flossy
conserves~conserve
scurrying~trottinement
solecism's~de solecism
Patti's~Patti
Ugandan~ougandais
dagger's~dagger's
tyrannosaurus~tyrannosaure
crumbling~crumbling
oiliest~plus gras
noncontributing~noncontributing
viewer's~les spectateurs
Palestinian~palestinien
Barabbas~Barabbas
genial~genial
teargassing~teargassing
mistrustfully~méfiant
granter~granter
Rossini's~Rossini
artlessness~ingénuité
pastas~pâtes
shits~chie
floppy~floppy
exasperation~exasperation
pale~pâle
czarina~czarina
clinking~tintement
conceivable~concevable
mascaraed~mascaraed
mounds~monticules
sweetbread~pain sucré
cafetieres~cafetieres
precedence~priorité
loquacious~loquace
reignites~rallume
humanity~humanité
Walter~Walter
shad's~alose de
spray's~de pulvérisation
Yerevan~Erevan
steamrolls~steamrolls
heartbreaks~heartbreaks
Gregorian's~Années grégoriens
whore's~putain de
Dorset~Dorset
deprives~deprives
translatable~translatable
Creoles~creoles
slide~faire glisser
heralding~annonciateur
deepest~deepest
permutations~permutations
bulge~renflement
reappraise~réévaluer
Ob~Ob
lobster~Homard
duper~duper
submitted~soumis
acrobat~acrobate
boysenberry's~Années boysenberry
divorcements~divorcements
houseparent's~de houseparent
modishness~modishness
speckles~tachetée
localisation~localisation
apothecary~apothicaire
nonavailability's~de non-disponibilité
caroller~Caroller
perforations~perforations
Yugoslavia~Yougoslavie
franchising~franchising
ungrateful~ingrat
prawning~prawning
prose's~années prose
drawing's~drawing's
Thracian's~thrace de
compered~compered
Gutierrez~Gutierrez
paperboy's~de Paperboy
Superbowl~Super Bowl
Surat's~Sourate de
Tereshkova~Tereshkova
hijabs~hijabs
freewheeling~freewheeling
reorients~réoriente
chubbiness's~de chubbiness
lumberyards~parcs à bois
Iceland~Islande
parer~épluche-légumes
ban's~interdiction de
centurion's~centurion de
senescence~sénescence
comer~arrivant
biotechnology~biotechnologie
fires~fires
forwarder's~forwarder's
peritoneum's~de péritoine
evasiveness's~evasiveness's
wolverine's~carcajous
unclogged~obstrués
subplots~intrigues secondaires
mark's~des notes
Ursula~Ursula
riskiness's~de risque
reassesses~réévalue
boles~Boles
Landsteiner's~Landsteiner de
Beninese's~béninoise de
distraction~distraction
conferral's~de délégation
zoologist's~zoologiste de
erupt~erupt
fiercer~fiercer
Bradshaw~Bradshaw
bodysuit~le maillot de corps
desensitised~desensitised
footman's~footman's
serer~serer
desktop's~desktop's
coffeemakers~cafetières
destruction~destruction
maligned~décrié
contrail's~contrail's
sibyl's~Sibylle de
antifascists~antifascistes
embroideries~embroideries
potholer~spéléologue
Joan's~Joan de
camouflagers~camouflagers
Sunday's~Les dimanches
miraculous~miraculeux
mood's~humeurs
balusters~balustres
manicurists~manucures
tasered~électrocuté
Iraq~Irak
litters~portées
dynamiting~dynamiting
Sanforized's~de sanforisé
Israels~Israels
patronesses~patronnes
happiest~happiest
debt~debt
diagnose~diagnose
persist~persister
scuttle~saborder
patronising~condescendant
hoarfrost's~hoarfrost de
grin~grin
bramble~roncier
polyunsaturates~polyinsaturées
mobilised~mobilisé
swears~ne jure
anglophones~anglophones
rigour's~la rigueur de
Winthrop~Winthrop
canonisation's~canonisation
indicates~indique
Klaus~Klaus
lope's~Années Lope
whitehead's~Whitehead
inseminated~inséminées
furbishes~furbishes
Boer~boer
dieter~dieter
restful~reposant
deferment's~deferment's
minute~minute
nonparticipants~non-participants
dung~dung
tasering~taser
nauseated~nauséeux
taillight~feu arrière
Sardinia~Sardaigne
blockages~blocages
longways~en longueur
amours~amours
stare's~regard de
vaster~vaste
bluest~bluest
untangles~démêle
helmsman~timonier
tycoon~magnat
Benedictines~Bénédictins
tusks~défenses
grumblings~grumblings
nested~imbriqué
unfriended~unfriended
Biggles~Biggles
keenness's~de souci
caplet~caplet
Adan~Adan
Oakley's~Oakley
fingerprinting~fingerprinting
emaciates~emaciates
infallibly~infailliblement
charlatans~charlatans
SIDS~PEID
shipmate's~de shipmate
garroters~garroters
alleyway's~coursive de
Aglaia's~Aglaia de
Gewurztraminer's~Gewurztraminer de
treadmill's~tapis de
stubs~moignons
negligees~déshabillés
Lily's~Lily
gnarly~gnarly
barbarian's~barbare de
Bathsheba~Bethsabée
serrated~cranté
falconers~falconers
bronze~bronze
dingiest~dingiest
outing's~sortie de
moisteners~mouilleurs
raked~ratissé
imprudently~imprudemment
flour's~flour's
promised~promis
bygone~passé
actuator's~l'actionneur de
outreached~outreached
proportionals~proportionnelles
antigens~antigènes
awakening's~Le réveil de
raise's~augmenter de
nonintellectual's~non intellectuelle de
Garibaldi's~Garibaldi
archdioceses~archidiocèses
tiger~tigre
suborn~suborner
dailiness's~dailiness's
unforgivably~impardonnablement
snatch~arracher
difference's~difference's
Cyclops's~Années Cyclope
obdurateness's~obdurateness de
Acts~Actes
jungle~jungle
Kafkaesque~kafkaïenne
qualitatively~qualitativement
Kyle's~Kyle
bride's~fiancée
Bennett~Bennett
fertility's~fertility's
gleams~gleams
blooping~blooping
bonhomie~bonhomie
extrasensory~extrasensory
noggin~caboche
liberalise~libéraliser
crutches~crutches
strep's~streptocoque de
slenderest~plus mince
act's~actes
limeades~limeades
serotonin~sérotonine
Prometheus~Prométhée
Rose~Rose
Chartres's~Chartres années
confection's~de confiserie
Powers's~Powers
Clementine's~Clémentine
credenza's~credenza's
rationing~rationnement
howled~hurlait
rookery's~de rookery
headband~Bandeau
sophistry~sophistique
pumpkin's~citrouille de
scenic~scénique
stultifies~abrutit
circumventing~contournement
plebs~plebs
kabuki's~Kabuki de
jiggling~jiggling
sass~toupet
additionally~en outre
lousier~Lousier
trainspotters~trainspotters
Whitaker's~Whitaker de
tropical~tropical
precursors~précurseurs
catatonics~catatoniques
waxy~cireux
Gibbon's~Gibbon
spectacles~lunettes
publishers~éditeurs
Guizot~Guizot
stepbrother's~demi frères
hallucinating~hallucinating
gobbler's~gobbler's
fertiliser's~fertiliser's
clearinghouse~centre d'information
scalped~scalpé
Mon~Lun
lyceums~lyceums
floppy's~floppy's
laboratories~laboratoires
dodo's~dodo's
Lyndon's~Lyndon de
thicket's~broussaille de
crispiness's~crispiness's
advert~publicité
Corinne's~Corinne
katydids~katydids
workweeks~semaines de travail
reassigns~réaffecte
coarseness's~de grossièreté
debarkation~debarkation
adoration's~adoration de
corresponded~corresponded
artillery's~de l'artillerie
shipowner's~armateur de
squibs~allumeurs
G's~G
scuff~érafler
muter~Muter
maunders~Maunders
collided~est entré en collision
defeat~defeat
McCall's~McCall
exploited~exploited
Lysol~Lysol
Hindustani~hindoustani
humouring~ménageant
impotence's~l'impuissance de
juryman~juryman
coronaries~coronaries
contacts~contacts
coasters~sous-verres
Praetorian~Prétorien
nonpaying~non payants
handbags~handbags
outer~extérieur
tempera's~Années tempera
mystify~mystifier
befriended~lié d'amitié
Melisande~Mélisande
hieroglyphs~hiéroglyphes
hiatus's~hiatus de
yardages~yardages
emancipation~emancipation
calculated~calculé
pandas~pandas géants
Bruckner's~Bruckner
Yank~Coup sec
crozier's~crozier's
Dame~Dame
protoplasmic~protoplasmique
inconsistently~incohérente
barterers~barterers
Kurosawa's~Kurosawa
Fisher~Pêcheur
respite~répit
latched~encliqueté
quays~quais
Hendrix~Hendrix
tailless~sans queue
Libyan's~JAMAHIRIYA
roll's~Rouleaux
bystander's~bystander de
altitude's~altitude de
romancers~romanciers
veracity's~la véracité de
blankets~couvertures
Urumqi's~Urumqi de
intractable~intraitable
thousands~milliers
hovercraft's~aéroglisseur de
denotation's~denotation's
surveillance's~surveillance de
lumpy~grumeleux
Stanley's~Stanley
vivisectionist~vivisection
leaflet's~dépliant de
adequately~de manière adéquate
slouchier~slouchier
Greenpeace~Paix verte
freemen~freemen
Thomistic's~de thomistes
singleness~ténacité
penumbra's~penumbra de
substantives~substantifs
boggle~reculade
superlative's~de superlatifs
PTA's~PTA
interjection's~de interjection
unstructured~non structurées
unsurprising~sans surprise
litigant~plaideur
judiciousness~sagace
unimpressed~impressionné
kookaburra's~Kookaburra de
awareness's~conscience de
compacts~compacts
unmasked~démasqué
caber~Caber
xylophonist~xylophoniste
briquettes~briquettes
FTC~FTC
improviser's~de improvisateur
Lamaze's~Lamaze de
interdisciplinary~interdisciplinaire
infants~enfants en bas âge
simulcasts~simulcast
motivate~motiver
inhibited~inhibé
puff's~bouffée de
whaling~pêche à la baleine
Polaris~Polaris
Delacruz's~Delacruz de
renovator~réparateur
wildfire's~une traînée de poudre de
headline~gros titre
erupts~erupts
compel~contraindre
illiterately~illiterately
unfettered~sans entrave
intermediates~intermédiaires
encampment's~encampment's
McGuire~McGuire
filled~filled
addictions~dépendances
microfloppies~microfloppies
meat~moi à
headpin~headpin
limitation's~limites
larboard~bâbord
impotency's~de impotence
brings~apporte
olfactories~odorat
maidservants~servantes
Lillian's~Lillian
flake's~flake's
zeitgeist's~air du temps de
proselyting~faire du prosélytisme
hallucinogenic's~hallucinogenic's
decline~decline
betrothals~accordailles
disputably~disputably
masseuses~masseuses
loanword~loanword
weighbridge~pont-bascule
Malta~Malte
bootlaces~lacets de bottes
banks~banques
swine~porc
spectates~spectates
overachiever~overachiever
smokers~les fumeurs
airlift's~pont aérien de
unscrupulously~sans scrupules
perambulated~perambulated
emanated~emanated
verier~VERIER
sublimation's~sublimation de
Warwick~Warwick
Oceanus's~Oceanus
Skylab~Skylab
toehold's~de prendre pied
woofers~woofers
subplot's~de sous-intrigue
Burgundy~Bourgogne
equidistant~equidistant
factotums~factotums
uninstaller~désinstalleur
overdraw~dépasser son crédit
recapturing~recapturer
humped~bossu
cleats~crampons
takeoffs~décollages
oxcart's~charrettes à bœufs
corvette's~corvette's
rigging's~de gréement
Morocco~Maroc
channelising~en canaux
Badlands's~de Badlands
brawler's~bagarreur de
hangs~hangs
endorsers~endorsers
egrets~egrets
incisiveness~incisiveness
silica~silice
grosbeak~grosbeak
aromatherapists~aromathérapeutes
disproof~disproof
rightsize~bonne taille
riveting~rivetage
natty~chic
unacknowledged~inavouée
Hmong~Hmong
relinquishes~renonce
manly~viril
forded~forded
houseroom~houseroom
detainees~detainees
spies~espions
betterment~amélioration
circumscription's~de circonscription
narrator's~narrateur
waistline's~tour de taille de
rider's~cOUREUR
voodooing~voodooing
Chicagoan~Chicagoan
emergent~emergent
concentration's~concentration de
spoiler's~spoiler de
defraud~defraud
gratis~gratis
besting~surclassant
elliptically~elliptically
workrooms~ouvroirs
heteros~heteros
suspicious~méfiant
plumbs~aplombs
Frenchman~Français
zoophytic~zoophytic
Trotsky~Trotsky
wimp's~poule mouillée de
connect~relier
Argus's~Argus Années
corroded~corroded
methinks~methinks
treason's~de trahison
bologna's~bologne de
Fichte~Fichte
d'Arezzo~d'Arezzo
kraal's~kraal de
Angelina~Angelina
Elizabeth's~Élizabeth
predication's~de predication
Hellenism's~hellénisme de
rejoiced~se réjouit
tollway~tollway
Beeton's~Beeton de
sweaty~en sueur
primitiveness~naïveté
nerviness's~de nerviness
Saks's~Saks de
adequate~adéquat
Anzac~Anzac
inscriber~graveur
reneging~reniement
biographic~biographique
reminisced~souvenu
kinswomen~parentes
contemplative~contemplative
clipboard~presse-papiers
transferals~transferals
ape~singe
piggybacked~calqués
groynes~groynes
verve's~verve de
Noriega's~Noriega de
vermilion's~vermillon de
mooed~meugla
ceremonial's~de cérémonie
cuneiform's~cuneiform's
estimating~estimating
neural~neural
Bonita~Bonita
nucleon's~de nucléons
parsnip's~panais
histrionics's~Années cabotinage
irrevocably~irrévocablement
microdot's~microdot de
medical~médical
draughtier~draughtier
foresees~foresees
nosegay~bouquet
Frisco~Frisco
spiritualist's~de spiritualiste
tortoiseshells~écaille de tortue
Cummings~Cummings
swamp~marais
shamrock's~shamrock de
roving~vagabondage
folly's~folly's
cavalryman~cavalier
rainmaking's~de dePROVOCATION
uncoloured~non coloré
subaltern's~de sous-officier
Pianola~Pianola
Las~Las
slue~déraper
triplicate~triplicata
Adler~Adler
Rwanda~Rwanda
mincers~hachoirs
preciosity's~de préciosité
dishcloth~dishcloth
Buddhism's~Le bouddhisme de
coats~manteaux
hapless~hapless
parallax's~parallaxe de
jugglery's~jongleries de
commotion's~commotion de
contestant's~contestant's
miniseries's~mini-série des années
stopcocks~robinets d'arrêt
story~récit
vocalised~vocalisé
miscalculates~miscalculates
inhabitant~habitant
limpet~crampon
wretcheder~wretcheder
preventatives~preventatives
escapists~escapists
terry~éponge
penuche~penuche
phoebe~phoebe
SEC's~SEC de
pharisee's~pharisien
contemplatively~contemplatively
flyers~flyers
realities~réalités
silliness~niaiserie
misreported~erronément
abusively~abusive
Africa~Afrique
critic's~critic's
singsonged~singsonged
Oracle's~d'Oracle
incorruptibly~incorruptiblement
chancy~hasardeux
pancaking~pancaking
thresh's~Années Thresh
arresting~saisissant
torsion~torsion
Brisbane's~Brisbane de
playroom~salle de jeux
crosswind's~crosswind's
sobriety's~la sobriété de
f~f
Orinoco~Orénoque
pardoned~gracié
particularising~particularisation
cope~cope
ditzes~ditzes
inactively~inactivement
Norma's~Norma
troublemaker~fauteur de troubles
dismantled~dismantled
canoe~canoë
unconfirmed~non confirmée
slabs~dalles
rumple~froisser
imitated~imitée
vex~vexer
intermingles~un amalgame entre
fiances~fiances
piecework's~de travail à la pièce
conflate~amalgamer
oversubscribed~sursouscrite
digraph's~digraph's
enquirer~enquirer
primeval~primitif
oration's~discours de
BBC~BBC
sigma's~sigma de
collapse's~effondrement de
dromedary's~dromedary's
Mani~Mani
dissoluble~dissoluble
disputer's~disputer's
Bangladeshi~bangladais
oldie's~Années oldie
looted~pillé
falcons~falcons
scrimmaged~remis en jeu
waggling~waggling
scammers~escrocs
pathos's~pathos de
gouge~gouge
plushier~plushier
kitted~kitted
Tinkertoy's~Tinkertoy de
Nanchang~Nanchang
occurs~se produit
vitiated~vicié
fallout~fallout
Lynch's~Lynch
placarding~placardage
debarment's~debarment's
lighting's~de l'éclairage
fraught~fraught
Bostonian's~Années Bostonian
exorcising~exorcising
llamas~lamas
fagging~fagging
middling~médiocre
rottenness's~pourritures de
disbursal's~disbursal's
historiography~historiographie
Tracey~Tracey
Polynesian~polynésien
reinvested~réinvesti
uprightness's~de droiture
motherless~motherless
address~adresse
hobgoblin~lutin
headman's~de headman
fanciness's~fanciness's
convection~convection
perfections~perfections
embroiling~embroiling
purchases~achats
fixatives~fixatives
Gdansk~Gdansk
lyricist~parolier
shortcoming's~défaut de
blitzkrieg's~de blitzkrieg
grumpiest~grumpiest
rapids~rapides
starlet~starlette
legwarmer~jambière
Aguinaldo's~Aguinaldo de
prickles~aiguillons
cause~cause
bevies~bevies
deists~deists
bowler~chapeau melon
peeper~Peeper
veined~veiné
rhododendron~rhododendron
Washington's~Washington de
Aug~août
inventory's~inventaire de
Gatorade's~Gatorade de
Margery's~Margery de
embouchure~embouchure
druidism's~druidism's
trainload~trainload
scarifies~scarifie
funks~funks
unthinkable~impensable
seer's~Seer
bickered~querellés
Cossack~cosaque
domination~domination
excoriation~excoriation
cyan's~cyan's
gabbier~gabbier
sukiyaki's~Sukiyaki de
aroused~éveillé
conversion's~conversion's
misunderstanding's~l'incompréhension de
obit's~de obit
peppermint's~la menthe poivrée de
garfish's~garfish's
frostiness~frostiness
Kit~Trousse
discordance~discordance
bypassed~contournée
anachronism~anachronisme
vino~vino
sickness's~de la maladie
theosophy's~de théosophie
bugaboo's~Bugaboo de
hector~Hector
reform's~la réforme de la
Lester's~Lester
stepbrothers~demi frères
counterfoils~counterfoils
uncountable~indénombrable
ABM's~GAB
resumption~reprise
oath~serment
Catholicism~catholicisme
amplifying~amplification
UPS~UPS
warty~verruqueux
penologist~pénologue
goofed~goofed
trim~réduire
tremolos~tremolos
Jacksonville~Jacksonville
dewclaws~dewclaws
monarchists~monarchistes
aerobic~aérobique
bisectors~médiatrices
cardamom's~cardamome de
Canaries~Canaries
sniffier~sniffier
barbers~barbiers
Bulgarian~bulgare
lepers~lépreux
semiconductor's~semi-conducteurs de
chemistry~chimie
stake's~participation de
goon~goon
anticlimax's~Années anticlimax
rosier~Rosier
contortionists~contortionists
irrelevance's~de non-pertinence
thrilled~ravi
tackles~tacles
incoherence~incohérence
chloral~chloral
zlotys~zlotys
cornucopias~cornucopias
infanticide's~de l'infanticide
prohibitionists~prohibitionnistes
throbbed~palpité
decimates~decimates
huger~Huger
pastures~pâturages
unripest~unripest
faith~faith
resiliently~élastique
Duchamp's~Duchamp
recused~récusé
scourging~meurtrissures
adjudicate~juger
fretfulness's~fretfulness's
player's~joueurs
lettuces~laitues
Zappa's~Zappa de
wiggled~wiggled
kleptomania~kleptomanie
butterball~Butterball
convective~convective
effervesced~effervesced
broomstick's~de manche à balai
blare~vacarme
fistulas~fistulas
propitious~propice
pollinating~pollinisant
necessitating~nécessitant
unsuitability's~de l'inadaptation
unconventionality's~anticonformisme de
circularise~circulariser
Sabbath~sabbat
vagrancy~vagabondage
Priscilla~Priscilla
oatcake~oatcake
endorser's~endorser's
cruse's~cruse's
Hindu~hindou
abutments~culées
licentiate~diplômé
hotcakes~gâteaux chauds
Farragut's~Farragut de
virulent~virulent
charts~graphiques
Sean~Sean
ahem~ahem
Dermot~Dermot
flea's~flea's
grokked~grokked
Kurosawa~Kurosawa
recount~raconter
brawl's~rixe de
alienists~aliénistes
gabbiness~gabbiness
def~def
pokes~pokes
tempestuous~orageux
Darwin~Darwin
mongolism's~mongolisme de
Maputo's~Maputo de
Vidal's~Vidal
tritium~tritium
necklacing~supplice du collier
carousels~carrousels
imitable~imitable
menaces~menaces
Mowgli~Mowgli
baffle~baffle
lumbago~lumbago
Debouillet's~Debouillet de
reverends~révérends
Raoul's~Raoul
playoffs~séries éliminatoires
ionisation's~de ionisation
envisioned~envisioned
absentee's~absentéiste de
diamonds~diamonds
therapy~thérapie
pinny~tablier
disaffection's~disaffection's
boot~démarrage
temperatures~températures
insomuch~à tel point
funnyman~funnyman
crossword~crossword
trends~les tendances
requites~requites
O'Donnell~O'Donnell
epigram~epigram
oratorios~oratorios
flop~flop
Tarkenton~Tarkenton
pits~fosses
Solon~solon
cupolas~cupolas
dawning~dawning
gibbet's~gibbet's
incidental's~accessoires de
tirelessly~sans relâche
bearded~barbu
farads~farads
Connecticut's~le Connecticut
rave's~rave de
falsie~falsie
hornet~frelon
visages~visages
prams~landaus
tallyhoed~tallyhoed
Marietta's~Marietta de
ether~ether
Columbia~Columbia
spinning's~de filature
Tudors~Tudors
Petersen~Petersen
soldiers~soldats
antagonising~antagoniser
unsnaps~unsnaps
ravishers~ravisseurs
sizzler~sizzler
canalises~canalise
sequestration~séquestration
discordance's~discordance's
Chuck's~Chuck
felicitation~felicitation
bigheads~les grosses têtes
Abidjan's~Abidjan de
jails~prisons
flagman's~flagman's
Herero~Herero
restarts~redémarre
Pygmalion's~pygmalion de
ringlets~bouclettes
hagiography~hagiography
homeowner's~propriétaire de
Pam~Pam
attentions~attentions
coho~coho
thumbscrew~vis à oreilles
thriftiness~épargne
candied~confit
Amritsar's~Amritsar de
reticulation~réticulation
persecution's~persécution de
Kutuzov's~Koutouzov de
disinfection~disinfection
corroboration's~corroboration's
ickiest~ickiest
blurbs~blurbs
Stirling~Stirling
emancipated~emancipated
desertions~desertions
okays~avalise
detraction's~detraction's
Uruguay's~Uruguay de
Stella's~Stella de
fritter~fritter
Worcester~Worcester
California~Californie
calumniate~calomnier
invoice~facture d'achat
chitin~chitine
Argonauts~Argonauts
hoes~houes
houselights~houselights
liquidity's~de liquidité
constraint's~contraintes
Goddard~Goddard
bedevil~tourmenter
crippler's~crippler's
repleteness~repleteness
township's~canton de
whamming~whamming
clapping~applaudissement
apportionment's~répartition de
Ruiz~Ruiz
mouse~Souris
matador~matador
casuistry~casuistique
Majorca~Majorque
chortler~chortler
eccentric's~eccentric's
Scylla~Scylla
octavo~octavo
houseparent~houseparent
demonetisation's~demonetisation's
immaculately~parfaitement
Beulah's~Beulah de
ratcheted~ratcheted
grovelling~grovelling
begot~engendra
airways~voies respiratoires
declaws~declaws
jammier~jammier
chitosan~chitosane
preconceiving~preconceiving
traffic's~du trafic
gobsmacked~gobsmacked
slaughter's~abattage de
Nevadan~Nevadan
heart~cœur
byproduct's~sous-produit de
prattler~jaseur
breakaways~échappées
thalidomide's~de la thalidomide
comparisons~comparaisons
Marvell~Marvell
Satan~Satan
motormen~wattmen
irreconcilably~irréductiblement
GTE's~GTE de
Philip's~Philip de
salamis~salamis
dispatchers~dispatchers
Crawford's~Crawford
wrasse's~labre de
subsidence's~affaissement de
diagonals~diagonals
Valery's~Valéry
comfortable~confortable
toolkit~boîte à outils
request~demande
levitated~sustentation
Kigali's~Kigali de
kluges~kluges
disgorge~disgorge
Nazis~nazis
inconvenience's~inconvénients de
Sabre's~sabre
prearranges~prearranges
nurturing~nourricière
tour~tour
spire~flèche
Vader's~Vader
Windward~Au vent
enumerator's~enumerator's
harbinger~harbinger
housebreaks~housebreaks
skyjacks~skyjacks
sternum~sternum
Tennessee's~du Tennessee
balloons~des ballons
scan~balayage
papyri~papyri
stolidity's~de impassibilité
Jubal's~Jubal de
perms~perms
stonking~stonking
rearwards~en arrière
proverbially~proverbialement
Central~Central
virgule's~Virgule de
Napoleon~Napoléon
pendulums~balanciers
fanaticism~fanaticism
windburned~windburned
dangles~dangles
jeep's~jeep de
transfiguring~transfigurant
inkling~idée
liability~responsabilité
windstorm~tempête de vent
militarism~militarisme
clingy~collant
sneezed~éternué
successful~réussi
meetups~meetups
rook's~freux de
spicier~spicier
poltroon's~de poltron
impinged~empiété
slimmer~mince
adjudicates~Adjudicates
tray's~plateau de
bed's~des lits
Isherwood's~Isherwood de
Lara~Lara
accolades~accolades
Blair's~Blair
classiness's~de classiness
persimmon~plaqueminier
metabolite's~métabolite de
fanfare's~fanfare's
bronzed~bronzé
surmounts~surmonte
supremacist~suprématiste
windmill~Moulin à vent
whirlybird's~whirlybird de
testators~testateurs
prerecord~enregistrer à l'avance
kazoo's~kazoo de
faunas~faunas
lactates~lactates
mercury's~le mercure de
trusses~fermes
Paleogene~Paléogène
splendid~splendide
battleaxe~Hache de guerre
unchecked~incontrôlé
sqq~sqq
morphemes~morphèmes
versus~contre
cantatas~cantates
revolted~révolté
exulting~exulting
Sebastian's~SEBASTIAN
cloves~clous de girofle
deflower~deflower
opener~ouvreur
affix's~apposer de
Kathryn~Kathryn
Chiba's~Chiba de
conciliating~conciliante
chumminess's~de chumminess
paratyphoid's~de paratyphoïde
handyman's~handyman's
casket~cercueil
disenchanted~disenchanted
dielectric's~dielectric's
whipsawing~surenchère
dressiness~dressiness
flytrap~flytrap
haemoglobin~haemoglobin
execrate~execrate
dowdiness's~dowdiness's
faddiness~faddiness
transfuses~transfuse
fussbudgets~fussbudgets
unchaperoned~chaperon
peevishness's~de mauvaise humeur
annotative~annotatif
Judges~Les juges
transmitter~émetteur
fandango's~fandango's
quinces~coings
lobster's~homards
bookish~livresque
omen's~Omen de
underpart~underpart
thinnest~plus plat
Levine's~Levine
alliterates~alliterates
match's~au match
slurps~slurps
brownstones~brownstones
discoursed~discoursed
paraphrase's~paraphrase de
mapmaker's~de cartographe
spotting~repérage
P~P
along~le long de
suicide's~de suicide
react~réagir
godsends~godsends
feebler~feebler
monogamists~monogames
putrescence~putrescence
freeholder's~freeholder's
Assyria's~Assyrie de
cockiness's~effronterie de
pontificates~pontificats
Ramon~Ramon
warbonnets~warbonnets
crosswords~crosswords
consult~consult
squalidest~squalidest
cent~cent
protestations~protestations
Nippon's~Nippon de
theists~théistes
YWHA~YWHA
schematises~schématise
thumb~pouce
sheep~mouton
hostage~otage
Md's~Md de
agreement~accord
schoolteacher~professeur de l'école
mongoose~mangouste
bankbook's~livret bancaire de
Patagonia's~Patagonia
papayas~papayes
topsides~topsides
chime's~carillon de
sway's~domination de
Stephens~Stephens
teddy~peluche
hospice's~hospice
borrower~emprunteur
vision's~La vision
delinquency's~delinquency's
rostrums~rostres
disclaimer's~disclaimer's
commensurately~proportionnellement
lurks~se cache
G~g
apologia's~Années Apologia
satirist~écrivain satirique
demurely~demurely
battering~coups de boutoir
frump's~frump's
wild's~sauvage de
Kenny's~Kenny
mustang's~mustang de
tor~tor
forgivers~forgivers
stancher~stancher
Eurodollars~eurodollars
clarinet's~de clarinette
theft~vol
connectives~connectifs
transistors~transistors
lute~luth
insatiability's~de insatiabilité
Alsatians~Alsaciens
denudes~denudes
coronas~coronas
Hagiographa~hagiographes
microfiber's~microfibre de
flakiness's~flakiness's
Valentine's~Saint-Valentin
whitenings~whitenings
mouldings~moulures
coverage's~coverage's
mustachioed~moustachue
minor's~de mineurs
clitoral~clitoridien
crinkly~crinkly
preparing~en train de préparer
wholesalers~grossistes
inessentials~inessentiel
dimer~dimer
cobblestones~pavés ronds
covenant's~covenant's
Rochambeau's~Rochambeau de
gumboils~gumboils
liberation~libération
cinnamon's~cannelle de
replacing~remplaçant
badger~blaireau
ascendancy's~l'ascendant de
mobiliser~mobilisatrice
bequeathing~transmission
Pollux's~Pollux de
dummy~dummy
unconquered~unconquered
resonating~résonant
fisherman~fisherman
tack's~amure de
intending~l'intention
MCI~MCI
Hoyle's~Hoyle de
gotchas~gotchas
backstroke~dos crawlé
sip's~gorgée de
doggedly~doggedly
mesquites~mesquites
bless~bénir
rotogravures~rotogravures
cameos~camées
prototypes~prototypes
unpersons~Unpersons
crappie~crappie
pitchforking~pitchforking
jib's~flèche de
alcove's~alcôve de
pants~un pantalon
Haywood~Haywood
Church~Église
arrow's~flèches
trickiness~rouerie
disapproved~disapproved
Monsanto~Monsanto
weathers~weathers
melody~mélodie
thallium~thallium
windowpane~vitre
executrix's~executrix's
repudiations~répudiations
owls~hiboux
thought's~pensées
uncomfortably~inconfortablement
router's~routeur de
treelike~treelike
Punjab~Punjab
wildlife~faune
lighthouses~phares
pathogen~agent pathogène
slight's~légers de
Nazareth~Nazareth
sleepwalking~somnambulisme
Xavier~Xavier
colognes~colognes
call's~appels
naturalist's~naturaliste de
salamander's~Années salamandre
Cognac~Cognac
andirons~chenets
hunk~gros morceau
guavas~guavas
briskness's~de briskness
households~ménages
French's~français de
overdo~exagérer
pincers~tenailles
rewinds~rembobine
bewildered~désorienté
Ty's~Ty de
Gere~Gere
pioneered~pionnier
vocable~vocable
roundly~rondement
bluets~Bluets
diligence's~diligence's
maze's~labyrinthe de
twinge's~pincement au coeur de
bellboy~groom
CPI's~CPI de
bails~bails
coevals~coevals
Hallmark~Poinçonner
existentially~existentially
viscous~visqueux
custodian's~custodian's
Sullivan~Sullivan
tampers~pilons
cesspool~cloaque
strode~Strode
LIFO~LIFO
dimension~dimension
pericardium's~de péricarde
reship~réexpédier
tallyhos~tallyhos
mathematically~mathématiquement
drippings~drippings
tinfoil's~papillote de
paw~patte
galena~galena
gymnastics~gymnastics
satellites~satellites
shirtsleeve's~manches de chemise
Pentiums~pentium
windfalls~chablis
disquieting~disquieting
mumbled~marmonné
disjointedness's~disjointedness's
polarises~polarise
Georgette~Crêpe georgette
floundering~floundering
lounge~salon
comport~se comporter
bankrupt~faillite
Euclid's~Euclide
often~souvent
madrases~madrasas
burglarproof~anti-effraction
stretcher~tendeur
consorts~époux
quoting~citant
insole's~semelle de
litotes's~Années litote
incorporate~intégrer
quarterdeck's~dunette de
apologies~excuses
tunny~thon
ed~ed
deductible~deductible
solitary's~de solitaires
Glenlivet~Glenlivet
platoons~pelotons
Jennings's~Jennings de
Hendricks~Hendricks
Gretzky~Gretzky
ostentation~ostentation
Epiphany~Épiphanie
kiwifruit's~kiwifruit de
expectancy~expectancy
previews~avant-premières
quickness~rapidité
Tuamotu's~Années Tuamotu
lap's~tour de
intonation~intonation
decaying~decaying
sulky's~Sulky de
indoors~à l'intérieur
rural~rural
Chaplin's~Chaplin
wimpy~Wimpy
Circe~Circé
Jan~Jan
kvetches~kvetches
packet~paquet
gravediggers~gravediggers
Haiphong~Haiphong
mercerising~mercerisage
harebell~harebell
arbutus's~Arbutus de
eccentricity~eccentricity
malodorous~malodorant
touch's~contact de
preview's~Aperçu de
luckily~Heureusement
adhered~adhéré
wager's~pari de
celebrate~célébrer
nativity~Nativité
imperf~imperf
confection~confection
hydrogenous~hydrogène
coxswain~coxswain
berm's~de berme
COLA~COLA
rhapsodises~rhapsodises
electronic~electronic
frowns~frowns
ling's~Ling
mature~mature
blazoned~blasonné
gophers~gophers
interdenominational~interconfessionnelle
bulldoze~démolir
ameliorative~améliorateur
exasperatingly~exasperatingly
damselfly's~damselfly's
nut's~des noisettes
highborn~highborn
skit~sketch
Arthurian's~Années arthuriennes
hazier~plus floue
simulator's~simulateur de
contempt's~contempt's
doomsters~doomsters
redistributed~redistribué
bitter's~bitter
threnody~mélopée
chattels~chattels
magnolias~magnolias
corroborations~corroborations
demoted~demoted
incidental~accessoire
asphodel's~Asphodel de
Bowen's~Bowen
Rolex's~Rolex de
humoresque~Humoresque
Krasnoyarsk~Krasnoyarsk
benefactress's~bienfaitrice de
tromp~Tromp
stinkiest~stinkiest
polys~polys
warranted~garanti
specimen~spécimen
panther~panthère
cordite~cordite
recuperating~récupération
genitally~genitally
maceration~macération
Kalmyk~kalmouk
diverging~diverging
Myra~Myra
paladin's~paladin de
Honolulu's~Honolulu de
Leopoldo~Leopoldo
spelunker's~de spéléologue
rouging~rouging
tiaras~diadèmes
inseparable's~de inséparables
pong~puanteur
Dell~Dell
shekel's~shekel de
climaxed~a atteint son apogée
spellbind~fasciner
Apache~Apache
outranking~surclassant
mezzo's~Années mezzo
nectarine's~Années nectarine
WATS~WATS
bodysuits~justaucorps
chocoholic~chocoholic
replenished~réapprovisionné
forecloses~forecloses
distressed~distressed
sandbagged~sacs de sable
Anacin's~Anacin de
pressurisation's~de mise sous pression
firework~firework
custody's~custody's
cabling~câblage
DBMS~SGBD
ethos's~ethos's
disaffects~disaffects
newsier~newsier
Brahe's~Brahe de
corporately~corporately
oblongs~oblongs
bellboy's~groom de
Brahmanisms~Brahmanisms
tenant's~locataire de
bong's~bong de
breakwaters~brise-lames
cavalcades~cavalcades
Zions~Zions
pragmatism's~le pragmatisme du
cabanas~cabanas
zonked~zonked
cigarillo~cigarillo
muscularity~musculature
chuckle's~petit rire de
annalist's~de annaliste
stroll's~promenade de
homemade~fait à la maison
know~connaître
trapezes~trapèzes
grounding~grounding
dories~dories
chivalrous~chevaleresque
freewheeled~freewheeled
curiosity~curiosity
apposite~pertinent
flays~flays
cashews~noix de cajou
diviners~diviners
diplomacy's~diplomacy's
magnificently~superbement
gumption~gumption
humanist's~humaniste de
earmark~earmark
whirligig~toupie
coypu's~coypu's
Tabatha~Tabatha
wreckers~démolisseurs
interjecting~interposant
medic's~de medic
glassware's~glassware's
agglutinating~agglutinant
prigs~cuistres
stupidities~stupidités
sluggishness's~atonie de
Patrice~Patrice
decedent's~decedent's
freighters~freighters
victualling~avitaillement
simmer~mijoter
recurrence's~récurrence de
Formicas~Formicas
Zionist's~de sionistes
kluged~kluged
insularity's~de l'insularité
mordant's~de mordants
buddy~copain
sensitive~sensible
slipcovers~slipcovers
pappy's~Pappy de
earring~earring
chromes~chromes
nationalise~nationaliser
escudos~escudos
Homeric~homérique
Trondheim's~Trondheim de
chaster~chastes
hortatory~exhortatif
editable~editable
overpopulation~surpopulation
tootle~jouer un petit air
bilker~filou
hillbillies~Hillbillies
oilcloth~toile cirée
centennials~centenaire
inabilities~inaptitudes
pocked~pocked
headier~capiteux
redirect~réorienter
plantains~plantains
dominant~dominant
biofeedback's~de biofeedback
middleweight's~-moyens
wry~tordu
ineffability~ineffabilité
clapper's~clapper de
Schwinger's~Schwinger de
relearning~réapprentissage
legislatively~législativement
leaderless~hiérarchisé
Dixie's~Dixie
scratched~rayé
squat's~de squat
smiley's~smiley de
knitted~tricoté
Odin's~Odin
Nagy's~Nagy
millimetre~millimètre
celerity's~de célérité
gasohol~gasohol
prevision~prévision
overclouds~overclouds
pamphlets~brochures
druggie's~druggie's
undergoes~subit
Bhutanese~bhoutanais
swindles~escroqueries
Kb's~Kb de
Zosma's~Zosma de
identikits~identikits
proficiently~proficiently
inexorably~inexorablement
trouts~truites
Wallenstein's~Wallenstein de
broods~couvées
magnetite's~Années magnétite
simony's~simonie de
Charleston~Charleston
sparks~étincelles
hagiographer's~hagiographer's
terminologically~terminologiquement
vacantly~vacantly
Barry's~Barry
registrar's~bureau d'enregistrement de
colliery~mine
convention~convention
quinsy's~angines de
resubscribing~réabonnant
gravitas~gravitas
torridness~torridness
hobbyhorse's~cheval de bataille de
ablaze~en feu
willies's~Années Willies
tessellates~créer une mosaïque
animates~animez
murmurer~murmurer
destinations~destinations
Voronezh's~Voronezh de
fecundate~fecundate
sicks~Sicks
enquirers~enquirers
anthem~hymne
whimpers~pleurniche
garnets~garnets
inefficiencies~inefficacités
sunblock's~crème solaire de
Leviticus's~Lévitique de
Hapsburg~hapsburg
Johnson's~Johnson
ogler~ogler
overripe's~de surmûris
recursive~récursif
cuckold's~cuckold's
Rove~Vagabonder
mollies~molly
ordinal's~de ordinales
Enoch~Enoch
unversed~peu versé dans
oodles~tas
programming's~de la programmation
Lincoln's~Lincoln
unauthorised~non autorisée
truce~trêve
crosswise~crosswise
boggy~marécageux
Jon's~Jon
humphs~humphs
travesty's~de travestir
Mexicali~Mexicali
UK~Royaume-Uni
fortifier~fortifier
tangoed~tangoed
bunch~bouquet
semivowel~semi-voyelle
gargle's~gargle's
Urania~Urania
databases~databases
strawberries~des fraises
closest~le plus proche
curriculum~curriculum
ruthlessness~caractère impitoyable
weft~trame
splashy~splashy
lash's~lash de
invigilators~surveillant
opticians~Opticians
purplish~violacé
mongooses~mangoustes
oppositely~opposée
Eddington~Eddington
dungs~dungs
inscribe~inscrire
gazetted~gazetted
combustive~comburant
theory~theorie
anorak~anorak
calabash's~calebasses de
jacketed~chemisé
doffing~doffing
bargainer's~de bargainer
retriever's~Années retrievers
churchyard's~de cimetière
gibberish's~gibberish's
commonplace~banal
thirsty~assoiffé
prenup~prenup
erectness~erectness
clonal~clonale
centrist's~centriste de
nonperson's~de non-personne
airless~privé d'air
ayah's~Ayah de
telescoped~télescopé
typeface's~caractères de
assailant's~assaillant de
overcareful~overcareful
silverfishes~Poissons d'argent
mamba~mamba
Jayawardene's~Jayawardene de
wowing~épater
dormancy~dormancy
goalless~goalless
falsehood~falsehood
patricide~patricide
fluted~fluted
cerebellar~cérébelleuse
Fiona's~Fiona
hydrangea~hortensia
manatee's~lamantin de
dapperer~dapperer
freewheels~freewheels
defoliate~defoliate
detailed~detailed
sureness's~de sureness
dish's~dish's
blacklists~listes noires
gushy~gushy
brindled~moucheté
unasked~sans demande
pig~porc
tantalum~tantale
ensconced~ensconced
Rickie~Rickie
Belem~Belem
spitballs~spitballs
fences~fences
Woodrow~Woodrow
beady~petits et brillants
necrosis's~de nécrose
Sarasota~Sarasota
redistributes~redistribue
Pasternak's~Pasternak de
questioner's~questionneur de
submissive~soumis
guarantors~guarantors
disported~disported
slicks~slicks
powers~pouvoirs
dialectic's~dialectic's
wolverine~carcajou
dubiousness's~dubiousness's
Yakut's~Yakut de
beefed~renforcé
steins~chopes
combative~combatif
whirlybird~whirlybird
dug~dug
saltshaker~salière
czarina's~czarina's
Cossack's~cosaque de
Rena's~Rena de
Doctor~Docteur
coequal~égal
coaxer's~de Coaxer
knapsack's~de havresac
subservience~asservissement
savers~épargnants
monologue's~monologue
metaphysics~métaphysique
flub's~flub's
hobbyist~amateur
hellos~bonjours
Leda~Leda
assigners~assigners
endear~endear
raffling~tire au sort
rashly~imprudemment
glitz's~glitz's
regally~royalement
Vargas~Vargas
lachrymal~lacrymal
noon~le midi
gormandise~gormandise
heraldry's~héraldiques de
Rasalhague~Rasalhague
faultlessly~faultlessly
streak's~strie de
troop~troupe
ascribes~RECONNAIT
crossword's~crossword's
redolence~parfum
settable~réglable
Grunewald's~Grunewald de
spongy~spongieux
flagships~flagships
venomously~venimeuse
saintlike~saintlike
milliner's~modiste de
touchier~plus délicate
footing's~footing's
sinker~plomb
Montreal~Montréal
KFC~KFC
enamelware~enamelware
Oreo~Oreo
wonks~wonks
trusts~fiducies
Jain's~Jain de
aliasing~aliasing
navies~forces navales
rollicking~joyeux
Theodosius's~Théodose de
scabbiest~scabbiest
delivery~delivery
Balkan~balkanique
adhering~faire adhérer
ranking's~dans le classement
fallaciously~fallaciously
fiscal~fiscal
median's~médiane de
quartering~écartèlement
tenpins's~Années tenpins
bellicose~belliqueux
Cairo~Caire
boyishness's~de puérilité
ministering~son ministère
Hollander's~Hollander de
motionlessly~motionlessly
adaptation's~adaptation de
Mannheim~Mannheim
tongues~langues
Limousin's~Limousin de
monitor~moniteur
tyros~Tyros
distinguish~distinguish
stopovers~escales
anyways~de toute façon
lowliness's~de bassesse
reproachfully~avec reproche
spaniel~épagneul
spirituous~spiritueux
polishing~polissage
interrupter's~rupteur de
winnings~gains
checkup's~bilan de santé de
bollix's~de bollix
Norway~Norvège
manifests~manifeste
creativity~creativity
oscillating~oscillant
outriggers~tangons
collaboratively~en collaboration
Minuit's~de Minuit
hipped~croupe
consumerist~consumerist
reviewer's~avis de
foodstuff~foodstuff
acknowledgement~reconnaissance
Morley's~Morley
nape's~nuque de
Mbini's~Mbini de
barbarise~barbarise
dependability's~dependability's
cove~cove
insistence's~L'insistance
sexism's~de sexisme
futurity's~futurity's
uncurls~uncurls
gilds~gilds
professors~les professeurs
drizzles~drizzles
vigil~veillée
legitimise~légitimiser
avariciously~avare
perilling~perilling
season~saison
lecture~conférence
inferential~déductive
Gilligan~Gilligan
gnarled~gnarled
Opel~Opel
auspices~auspices
avatar's~avatar
prides~fiertés
Michigan's~du Michigan
pithily~pithily
grazers~grazers
italics~italique
disjointing~disjointing
dogmatism's~dogmatism's
Samaritans~Samaritains
Cronin~Cronin
burnables~produits combustibles
Ferrell~Ferrell
cryptogram~cryptogram
realisation~la concrétisation
stiffness's~la rigidité de
mammography's~mammographie de
Adrienne's~Adrienne
whosoever~quiconque
columns~colonnes
bolted~boulonné
Algieba's~Algieba de
brainstorming's~de remue-méninges
frivolousness's~frivolousness's
accurate~précis
nonissue~pas de sortie
gunny's~gunny's
McClure's~McClure
numerology's~de numerology
dupes~dupes
salamanders~salamandres
pneumococci~pneumocoques
Pickford~Pickford
hassles~tracas
tiring~fatigant
squids~calmars
factorising~factorising
embargo's~embargo's
pertussis's~de la coqueluche
neophilia~néophilie
balled~Balled
timescales~échelles de temps
MSW~MSW
Wylie~Wylie
ransomers~ransomers
fanlight's~fanlight's
conversion~conversion
Tolkien's~Tolkien
whist's~whist de
hotel's~hôtels
refectory~réfectoire
mimic's~mimétique de
conceptualisation~conceptualisation
Congress's~Congrès
panelling~lambris
suntans~bronzages
pinstriped~pinstriped
Steve's~Steve
markets~marchés
Westerner~Occidental
kneels~agenouille
wryest~wryest
Shenyang~Shenyang
pervert~pervertir
rel~rel
gesticulation's~gesticulation's
help~Aidez-moi
Frankel~Frankel
analysis~une analyse
insincerely~hypocritement
koshers~koshers
protocols~protocoles
Connie's~Connie
dwells~dwells
Cantonese~Cantonais
constitutive~constitutif
specialist's~spécialiste de
daunted~daunted
wondrously~wondrously
hansoms~hansoms
jurisdictions~juridictions
emphysema's~emphysema's
lancet's~lancette de
syllabicating~syllabicating
schnauzer's~schnauzer de
quatrains~quatrains
Burger's~Burger de
Passover's~Pâque de
logoff's~Années déconnexions
clothiers~drapiers
daredevil's~daredevil's
Mendelssohn's~Mendelssohn
journey~périple
thirteen~treize
summing~sommation
vomit's~vomi de
hurrahs~hourras
termed~appelé
workups~croisière d'endurance
carjackers~carjackers
microchip's~puce électronique de
jalapeno~jalapeno
SBA~SBA
electives~electives
stetted~stetted
Inuit's~Inuits de
Pa's~Pa de
frightfully~frightfully
Halloween~Halloween
SWAT~ÉCRASER
Grinch~Grinch
coerce~contraindre
marshland~marais
Zhdanov~Jdanov
dominance's~dominance's
elitism's~elitism's
interlocking~interverrouillage
speculator~spéculateur
waxiness's~cireuse de
puttering~puttering
conjunct~conjoint
chasteness~chasteness
veteran's~anciens combattants
refortifies~refortifies
entailment's~entailment's
assaults~agressions
corona~corona
millipedes~myriapodes
pimpled~boutonneux
voluminousness's~voluminousness de
alleviate~soulager
prokaryotic~procaryote
lawlessly~anarchiquement
moping~morfondre
caving's~de spéléo
underplaying~underplay
obligates~oblige
nondisclosure~non-divulgation
Kathiawar~Kathiawar
masturbatory~masturbatoire
chanteys~Chanteys
Buford's~Buford de
downrange~downrange
Isabelle~Isabelle
salmons~salmons
indignant~indigné
expresses~expresses
showcases~showcases
edgy~edgy
aircrew~l'équipage de l'air
anthropologist's~anthropologue de
politicians~Les politiciens
mudslinger's~de boue pour
yens~yens
VLF's~VLF de
provenance's~provenance de
freebooters~freebooters
elderly~elderly
windbreaker~coupe-vent
solvent~solvant
irrigation~irrigation
carjacking's~de vol de voiture
shielding~un blindage
jelling~Jelling
governesses~governesses
triplets~triplés
induced~induite
Bangladeshi's~bangladais de
golly's~golly's
compassing~comploter
proctor~procureur
exhorted~exhorted
thingamajig's~Années Thingamajig
Sevastopol's~Sébastopol de
chiffon's~mousseline de
bewailing~lamentant
throngs~cohues
outpace~devancer
winsomeness's~winsomeness de
demonetised~demonetised
corsairs~corsairs
prophetic~prophétique
marshes~marais
Hammurabi~Hammourabi
syntax's~syntaxe de
Kellogg's~Kellogg
halyard~halyard
swami~swami
newspaperwomen~newspaperwomen
Gopher~gaufre
spectroscopy's~La spectroscopie de
Cayuga~Cayuga
mangles~calandres
discharge's~discharge's
op~op
Equuleus~Equuleus
Mohacs~Mohacs
nostrum~panacée
fattened~fattened
vegetates~végète
glances~glances
Scotsmen~Scotsmen
Unitarianism~unitarisme
Pomerania's~Poméranie de
chutney's~chutney
countrywomen~countrywomen
notions~mercerie
shakers~secoueurs
convokes~convokes
clotting~coagulation
pomander~diffuseur de parfum
toiletry's~de toilette
slated~prévu
marvellous~merveilleux
permissiveness's~Années permissivité
billow~onduler
buffer's~tampon de
piggies~piggies
aerogram~aérogramme
Netherlanders~Flamands
pitfalls~pièges
Waugh's~Waugh de
spottiness~spottiness
mechanical~mécanique
phrases~phrases
endearingly~endearingly
dissector's~dissector's
dialog~dialog
resistance~la résistance
exciters~exciters
wt~en poids
astral~astral
repines~repines
torte~tourte
recolonise~recoloniser
pungently~pungently
lxix~LXIX
assemblage~assemblage
recursion~récursion
untraceable~intraçable
discontinuance~discontinuance
Garza's~Garza de
tempests~tempêtes
spiritual's~du spirituel
sharper's~plus nettes de
automaton's~automate de
Sigismund's~Sigismond de
bowstring's~bowstring de
Gris's~Gris de
penetrate~pénétrer
zircon's~zircons de
confirmed~confirmé
Tenochtitlan's~Tenochtitlan de
raggedness's~de raggedness
partitioning~partitionnement
stringing~corder
mizzenmast's~artimon de
cowlick~cowlick
abbot's~abbé de
Tahiti's~Tahiti de
kindest~la plus gentille
overcompensation~surcompensation
rabies's~années rage
rite~rite
tidewater's~Tidewater de
nosebleed's~épistaxis de
casement~fenêtre
Boyer's~Boyer de
hips~les hanches
inferiors~inférieurs
collocating~colocalisation
convertible's~convertible's
concentrate~concentrer
disreputable~disreputable
splitting~scission
marabouts~marabouts
namelessly~namelessly
nonassignable~cessible
narcissistic~narcissique
sharpie~Sharpie
rioted~se sont révoltés
sardine~sardine
outscored~surclassé
magicians~magiciens
nitrated~nitré
veil~voile
classes~Des classes
imposes~impose
pharmacologist~pharmacologue
buttercup~bouton d'or
admen~publicistes
Hubbard's~Hubbard
chromosomes~chromosomes
minded~esprit
nonpluses~nonpluses
central~central
appeal's~appel de
moisturiser's~crème hydratante de
bolsters~traversins
codifiers~codificateur
pulp~pulpe
attendance~présence
Cajuns~Cajuns
pasteurises~pasteurise
prehistorians~préhistoriens
meatpacking's~de conditionnement de la viande
sightread~vue Lire
Brunswick~Brunswick
thick's~Thick
pseudonym's~pseudonyme de
archduchesses~archiduchesses
clomping~claquements
wrinkle~ride
personalty~personalty
ivy~lierre
parquet's~parquet de
crowned~crowned
pompanos~pompanos
Kirsten's~Kirsten
conclave's~conclave de
cementer's~cementer de
gigolo's~gigolo's
Manuel's~Manuel de
concernedly~air concerné
vortex's~vortex de
causer's~Causer de
faradized~faradized
steeds~destriers
dolmen's~dolmen's
sod~gazon
trotters~trotters
truant~vagabond
austerest~plus austère
parquet~parquet
rubiest~rubiest
Theosophy~théosophie
lien~privilège
Bernie's~Bernie
enplaning~enplaning
sifts~EIPD
boohooed~boohooed
smarter~plus intelligent
democratisation's~democratisation's
dyer's~dyer's
matchlocks~mousquets
idling~la marche au ralenti
stunningly~étonnamment
think~pense
Curacao~Curacao
Camel's~Camel de
bitches~chiennes
posit~postuler
coalfields~houillères
erg's~erg's
occasion~occasion
slashes~barres obliques
Spitsbergen~Spitsbergen
debugger~debugger
confirmatory~confirmation
lech~lech
suffocating~suffocante
booked~réservé
screenplay~scénario
ergot's~ergot's
remedy~remédier
inventiveness's~de l'inventivité
bullfight's~corrida de
approximation's~approximation de
labelled~marqué
modish~à la mode
penal~pénal
exploratory~exploratory
foreseers~foreseers
breadboxes~boîtes à pain
ormolu~chrysocale
euchres~euchres
Burris~Burris
musically~musicalement
upchucking~upchucking
burying~enfouissement
inconceivability's~inconcevabilité de
opened~ouvert
proper's~convenances
Tagalog's~Tagalog de
deficiency's~deficiency's
scutcheon's~Ecusson de
sleeps~sommeils
tatties~tatties
gill's~gill's
Senate's~SENAT
stickpin's~Années stickpin
fawner~fawner
Carol~Carol
energy~energy
Portsmouth~Portsmouth
gybing~gybing
gradated~gradated
plummy~sinécure
considerably~considérablement
Lawson's~Lawson
lecturer's~chargé de cours de
agricultural~agricole
Rich's~riche de
Ilyushin~Ilyushin
armorial~armorial
integrative~intégrative
adhesives~adhésifs
Rabelais's~Rabelais
affirmative's~affirmatif
caucus~caucus
subculture~sous-culture
gen~gen
globes~globes
veronica~véronique
ballistics~balistique
chopper~hachoir
conclusiveness~concluant
sticky's~de collants
caulking~calfeutrer
Melville's~Melville
kana~kana
beat~battre
tardiness's~du manque de ponctualité
Sumerian's~sumérienne de
yon~yon
hexameter's~de hexamètres
insomniac~insomniaque
reorder's~Réorganiser de
heavily~fortement
Ramona's~Ramona de
polygamists~polygames
hysteric~hystérique
honeypot~pot de miel
bromidic~bromidic
crossbow's~crossbow's
Avon~Avon
glossaries~glossaries
parring~parring
API~API
Tonto~Tonto
profanes~profanes
afternoons~les après-midi
florescence~florescence
glare's~glare's
Linwood's~Années Linwood
Tao~Tao
dispersing~dispersing
drivellers~drivellers
necromancer's~nécromant
chloroplast's~de chloroplaste
flubbed~flubbed
headwaters~cours supérieur
law~loi
widest~le plus large
pyrimidines~pyrimidines
grove's~grove's
nacreous~nacré
raffia~raphia
Sacramento's~Sacramento de
peeved~énervée
hug~étreinte
rouge's~rouge de
fallacy~fallacy
nighthawk's~Nighthawk de
expostulated~expostulated
toppled~renversé
strikebound~strikebound
mendelevium~mendelevium
tali~Tali
markkaa~markka
impoverish~appauvrir
rawness's~crudité de
flatbed~flatbed
orotundity's~orotundity de
Florine~Florine
contemn~contemn
spine~colonne vertébrale
words~mots
despair~despair
downstate's~downstate's
turboprops~turbopropulseurs
baseness~bassesse
boastfully~vantardise
embodying~embodying
mainstream's~grand public de
stagier~stagier
objective~objectif
Cheryl~Cheryl
McGovern~McGovern
Ramses's~Ramses de
officer~officier
heading~titre
patrimony's~patrimoine de
impenetrability~impénétrabilité
linguist~linguiste
grepped~grepped
yardarm~vergue
Muawiya's~Muawiya de
Bangui~Bangui
spermatozoa~spermatozoïde
stiller~stiller
reestablishing~rétablir
antiheroes~antiheroes
alienable~aliénable
huzzah~huzzah
spotlighting~mettant en lumière
magisterial~magistral
seep~infiltrer
overcrowds~overcrowds
nondeductible's~de non déductibles
Ta's~assistanats
scrapping~la mise au rebut
assertively~assertive
tangent~tangente
dumbwaiter~dumbwaiter
rags~chiffons
bobby~policier
excising~excising
descaled~descaled
ordnance~munitions
unbosomed~épanchait
confluences~confluences
prevaricator~qui tergiverse
boon~aubaine
ringlet's~Ringlet de
revelations~révélations
pithy~concis
hairsbreadth~hairsbreadth
erasing~erasing
pinkie~auriculaire
paroxysmal~paroxystique
Barnard~Barnard
Scotchman~Écossais
territorials~territorials
bier's~Bier
peeks~coups d'oeil
trendiness's~de branchitude
festering~festering
moils~moils
storeys~étages
sundown~coucher
sift~tamiser
Gillette~Gillette
dickybird~dickybird
ridding~Débarrasser
obstetrician's~obstétricien de
penguin~manchot
Tulsidas's~Années Tulsidas
eerier~eerier
coll~coll
triplicated~tripliquée
caterer's~traiteur de
amble's~de amble
quintessence~quintessence
remeasuring~remesurer
stumps~souches
colanders~passoires
halfwit~halfwit
inserting~insérer
chaplet's~de chaplet
toastmaster's~de Toastmaster
nonprofitable~non lucratif
presupposed~présupposé
flyby~flyby
McGee~McGee
cognition's~la cognition
fodder~fodder
businesswoman~femme d'affaires
pout's~moue de
youthfulness's~juvénilité de
cockleshell's~cockleshell de
cunning's~cunning's
spendthrift's~dépensière de
strudels~strudels
openers~ouvreurs
Nahuatls~Nahuas
Quetzalcoatl~Quetzalcoatl
uncleared~défrichée
fatuousness~fatuousness
harlot's~harlot's
splice's~épissure de
surveys~enquêtes
habituating~habituating
predictability~prévisibilité
anticancer~anticancéreuse
defoliant's~defoliant's
Mariano's~Mariano de
repented~repentis
winnable~gagnable
Oreo's~Oreo
Calder's~Calder
nifty~chic
deceptiveness~deceptiveness
maharanis~maharanis
sampling~échantillonnage
Hezbollah's~Hezbollah
linguine's~Années linguine
intercepts~iNTERCEPTIONS
beholds~voit
Kuhn~Kuhn
curds~curds
comeuppance~comeuppance
catechist~catéchiste
reduplication's~de reduplication
looped~en boucle
compartmentalising~compartimenter
drafting~drafting
psychopharmacology~psychopharmacologie
gremlin~gremlin
NRC~CNRC
estate's~estate's
threshers~batteuses
depressions~depressions
fiends~fiends
cutie~cutie
impossibles~impossibles
thankless~ingrat
Swisses~Swisses
semiconducting~semi-conducteur
Zimbabweans~Zimbabwéens
shutoff's~arrêt de son
combiner's~combinateur de
Bamako's~Bamako de
exceed~exceed
twang~accent
preponderate~prédominer
postmenopausal~après la ménopause
Woolworth's~Woolworth
Dixiecrat~Dixiecrat
tersely~laconiquement
Tanzania~Tanzanie
edger's~edger's
Kazantzakis~Kazantzakis
demilitarises~demilitarises
flowerless~flowerless
Inuktitut's~inuktitut de
glassfuls~glassfuls
mutilation~mutilation
scrubber's~laveur de
grills~grills
libertarian's~de libertaires
Ctesiphon~Ctésiphon
judgeship's~judicature de
oesophagi~oesophages
Min~min
scribbler's~scribouillard de
Bobbie~Bobbie
ladybug's~Ladybug de
Cathryn~Cathryn
timezone~fuseau horaire
bids~offres
Matilda~Mathilde
Pleiades~Pléiades
mil~millième
disconnection~disconnection
renowned~renommé
NLRB~NLRB
escape~escape
Aphrodite~Aphrodite
ambergris~ambre gris
resign~démissionner
Sat~Sam
edgings~edgings
weighting~pondération
duckboards~duckboards
shotgunning~shotgunning
indent's~tiret du
fiddle~fiddle
PS's~PS de
broils~discordes
spiffier~spiffier
reining~reining
Wesley~Wesley
halal's~halal's
gleamings~gleamings
onuses~fardeau de la preuve
alphabetical~alphabétique
Dickson~Dickson
palimpsests~palimpsestes
Archean's~Années archéennes
fluting~fluting
unsightliest~unsightliest
Snake~Serpent
earthworms~earthworms
dognapper~dognapper
congresswomen~députées
tackiness~adhésivité
zanies~Zanies
em~em
chiselling~ciselure
entente~entente
propels~propulse
dipsomaniacs~dipsomaniacs
join~joindre
celestas~célestas
seizure's~saisie de
pebbly~de galet
Pleiades's~de Pléiades
Bianca's~Bianca
Stradivari~Stradivari
discerns~discerns
prehistory's~de la préhistoire
nosebleeds~épistaxis
fairyland's~fairyland's
impecuniousness's~impécuniosité de
Ziploc~Ziploc
childlessness's~de infécondité
blighter~type
demonstration's~demonstration's
gongs~gongs
microcomputer~micro-ordinateur
goods~goods
thinners~fluidifiants
offence~infraction
prep's~préparation de
blocks~blocs
hasp's~de HASP
ledger~grand livre
burnished~bruni
terseness's~de laconisme
countryman's~countryman's
acidified~acidifiée
slinkiest~slinkiest
anchorages~mouillages
collieries~charbonnages
Hon~Hon
refactoring~refactoring
olives~Olives
devalue~devalue
TV~la télé
ebony's~ebony's
acorn~gland
retrenches~retranche
oddment~fin de série
backcombed~crêpés
ragtag~hétéroclite
authorship's~auteur de
notary's~de notaire
devolution's~devolution's
toilers~travailleurs
pithiness~concision
hyacinth's~jacinthe de
unbleached~écrue
Seaborg's~Seaborg de
clap's~Clap de
huffs~halète
furbelow~furbelow
enmesh~enmesh
CPO~CPO
pistil~pistil
duckling~duckling
overworked~fatigué
lissom~souple
quacks~charlatans
peculates~peculates
bursars~intendants
canalise~canalise
bans~interdictions
espadrilles~espadrilles
smock~blouse
defamatory~defamatory
overdrawn~à découvert
wildcard's~caractère générique de
Sammy's~Sammy
scrubs~Scrubs
bodkin~alêne
cusp~cusp
chard~bettes
Burberry's~Burberry de
capable~capable
blooms~fleurs
avails~profits
testable~testable
Ishim~Est lui
canton~canton
sepulchre~sépulcre
extortion's~extortion's
playacted~playacted
except~except
mister~Monsieur
parches~parches
minutia~minuties
overrun~envahi
systoles~systoles
sordidly~misérabiliste
Eastwood~Eastwood
clearance's~jeu de
babbled~gazouillé
enthusiast's~enthusiast's
porgy's~Porgy de
materialist's~matérialiste de
charbroiling~charbroiling
thane~thane
gilding's~gilding's
Afrocentrism's~afrocentrisme de
autism's~autisme
newspapers~journaux
liquorice's~années réglissées
repletion~satiété
hayrick's~hayrick de
acclaims~acclame
Whipple's~Whipple
ingot's~années lingot
fitted~fitted
Jonathan~Jonathan
Elton~Elton
weeniest~weeniest
tutelage's~tutelle de
Honduran~Honduras
cramp~cramp
workout~faire des exercices
heroine~héroïne
Pilate~Pilate
dupe's~dupe's
Livingston's~Livingston de
susceptibility~susceptibilité
instates~instates
nor'easter~nor'easter
transcends~transcende
ironing's~de repassage
lamina's~de lamina
defuses~defuses
tower~la tour
frontward~frontward
curdle~curdle
moldiness's~moldiness de
shrillest~strident
stroboscopes~stroboscopes
borstal~Borstal
chicanes~chicanes
incorporated~incorporé
admirals~amiraux
UNESCO~UNESCO
greenhorn~greenhorn
Sisyphean~sisyphéen
homewards~vers la maison
crying~crying
busty~gros seins
centres~centres
scrubber~scrubber
worshipper's~adorateur de
banker's~banquier
gawd~gawd
empathised~empathised
Erises~Erises
fleet's~fleet's
hidings~raclées
mankind~humanité
Medusa's~Méduse
safes~un coffre-fort
theoretically~théoriquement
dumbwaiter's~dumbwaiter's
besmirch~ternir
pulverised~pulvérisé
depiction's~depiction's
hyphenation~césures
Banach~Banach
multifariousness~multifariousness
diacritical~diacritical
spuriousness~spuriousness
wop~wop
subscriber's~les abonnés
CF~CF
positron~positron
carbuncle~escarboucle
Dijon~Dijon
appraises~Évalue
fatness's~fatness's
bamboos~bambous
originate~produire
lunar~lunaire
embowers~embowers
Washington~Washington
adverbial's~de adverbiale
Utopia's~utopie de
half's~half's
Finland's~Finlande de
Pribilof~Pribilof
breastworks~parapets
plan~plan
benzyl~benzyle
digerati~digerati
auricle~oreille externe
porringers~écuelles
pound~livre
gunwales~gunwales
Mendocino~Mendocino
ichthyologist's~de ichthyologist
sixteenth~seizième
antipastos~antipastos
callused~calleuse
mysteriously~mystérieusement
mile~mile
baldric's~Années baudrier
Narcissus's~narcisse de
walls~des murs
Bridgetown's~Bridgetown de
cornerstone~cornerstone
thanklessness~ingratitude
flinches~flinches
trifling~insignifiant
safeness's~safeness de
sexless~asexué
Atkins~Atkins
roulette's~roulette de
allergenic~allergène
thoroughness's~la rigueur de
peewit~vanneau
meat's~viandes
Veracruz's~Veracruz de
arability~arabilité
viewfinder's~viseur de
Earlene~earlene
Alcmena's~Alcmène de
pouching~pouching
overvaluing~survalorisation
ballet~ballet
mainland's~du continent
narcotised~narcotised
reabsorb~réabsorber
uncleanness's~malpropreté de
son~fils
IOU~IOU
taffrails~taffrails
nonprofessional's~de non professionnels
obliqueness~obliquité
arthritic's~de arthritiques
slut~salope
friendlier~friendlier
wordbook's~wordbook de
Periclean's~Années Périclès
handler's~handler's
nightdress's~chemise de nuit de
split~Divisé
deputy's~deputy's
Silas's~Années Silas
dislikes~dislikes
candying~confisage
postprandial~postprandial
Lardner's~Lardner de
constrictor~constrictor
Oneida~Oneida
tree's~des arbres
pottage's~pottage de
Taiwan~Taïwan
finest~finest
absentmindedly~distraitement
heap~tas
cabinetmaker~ébéniste
offers~des offres
reefer's~reefer de
sore~endolori
molecule~molécule
guilder's~guilder's
impoliteness's~impolitesse de
crustacean~crustacean
metaphoric~métaphoriques
duplicate's~duplicate's
predicates~prédicats
undertone's~de voix
punitively~punitif
optimism's~l'optimisme de
brews~brassins
canebrake~canebrake
retinal~rétine
septum~septum
humanness's~de humanness
rapine~rapine
Ana's~Ana de
meting~Meting
dopiest~dopiest
commercialising~commercialisant
endorsement's~endorsement's
miler's~miler de
factor~factor
addicted~intoxiqué
drubbed~drubbed
eviler~eviler
Geraldine's~Géraldine de
deodorisers~deodorisers
plumber's~pLOMBIER
cycles~cycles
spine's~la colonne vertébrale de
injection's~injection de
drifting~drifting
Alderamin~Alderamin
Chevron~Chevron
tasters~dégustateurs
Neva's~Neva
Plymouth's~Plymouth de
cine~cine
aimlessness~désoeuvrement
phonecard~carte de téléphone
logoffs~déconnexions
erotically~erotically
largess~largesse
misnames~misnames
finds~finds
UNESCO's~L'UNESCO
bookbinders~relieurs
Hiroshima's~Hiroshima de
CDT~CDT
threesome~trio
hoaxes~canulars
yes's~oui de
chapeau~chapeau
theories~théories
brassy~cuivré
troglodyte~troglodyte
shadiness~shadiness
deflowered~deflowered
tachycardia~tachycardie
rumba~rumba
blights~rouilles
irrelevance~non-pertinence
antagonists~antagonistes
codpieces~braguettes
bestseller's~best-seller de
disassociation's~disassociation's
Bohemia~Bohême
acceptations~acceptions
Boreas's~Années Boreas
override~passer outre
Pharisaic~pharisaïque
Arnhem's~Arnhem de
inhumane~inhumain
ostracism~ostracisme
endure~endure
flatware~flatware
crosschecks~crosschecks
Kolyma's~Kolyma de
sneeringly~ricanant
Holden's~Holden
Wheaties~Wheaties
cos's~cos's
competitively~compétitive
noddles~noddles
precolonial~précoloniale
hearse's~de corbillard
deadbeats~deadbeats
gustier~gustier
counterculture~counterculture
macro's~de macro
unifying~unificateur
cowlick's~cowlick's
insincere~pas sincère
tick~cocher
iguana's~de iguane
determinism's~determinism's
sausages~saucisses
catalytic's~catalytique de
callisthenics~gymnastique suédoise
fawn~fawn
Godunov's~Godounov de
myself~moi même
fascistic~fascistic
monody's~monodie de
housewarming's~pendaison de crémaillère de
fossil's~fossil's
Eco's~d'Eco
Berliner~Berlinois
featheriest~featheriest
calmest~plus calmes
Mayo~Mayo
reconstructive~reconstructive
WC~toilettes
hawser's~aussière de
psychometric~psychométrique
crystallographic~crystallographic
nervelessness~nervelessness
caparisoned~caparaçonné
vendetta~Vendetta
matting~matage
granddaughters~granddaughters
Escherichia's~escherichia de
interactions~interactions
verdigrising~patine admirablement
ozone's~ozone de
adoring~adorant
catechise~catéchiser
Klaus's~Klaus de
Deleon~Deleon
boxroom~cagibi
unborn~à naître
somehow~en quelque sorte
tinglings~fourmillements
idiomatically~idiomatiquement
rubatos~rubato
habiliment's~habiliment's
scientist~scientifique
Augean~Augias
GPU~GPU
rampant~rampant
amputation's~amputation de
grampus~grampus
obstructionism's~de l'obstructionnisme
cresting~cresting
joylessly~sans joie
fossa~fossa
symmetrically~symétriquement
carriageway~chaussée
discomfort~discomfort
tarriest~tardes
truckle's~truckle de
mullets~rougets
Claudine~Claudine
sacrament's~sacrement de
conjecturing~conjecturer
Rudy~Rudy
couturiers~couturiers
unmanliest~unmanliest
sloth~la paresse
auger's~vis sans fin de
callosity~callosité
reverberation's~réverbération de
chi's~chi de
dossiers~dossiers
reasonably~raisonnablement
bravo's~bravo de
prefabricates~PREFABRIQUES
hypnotism's~de l'hypnotisme
above's~est au-dessus de
picots~picots
Aesculapius's~Esculape de
incomplete~incomplet
uprooting~déracinement
moray~Moray
hardheadedness's~hardheadedness's
optimistically~avec optimisme
rejigs~rejigs
phototropic~phototropisme
firebrand's~firebrand's
Kitchener~Kitchener
marinades~marinades
rejoices~se réjouit
cambers~cambers
preceding~précédent
prelacy's~prélature de
mutagen's~mutagene de
hailstone's~hailstone's
mescal~mescal
Cretans~Crétois
patrol's~patrouille de
live~vivre
bumming~glander
matrix~matrice
sites~des sites
cottonwoods~cottonwoods
reorganising~réorganisant
VFW's~VFW de
kiddie~kiddie
operatically~operatically
cordially~cordially
liabilities~passifs
Pearson's~Pearson
goodliest~goodliest
Derrida's~Derrida
coolly~coolly
viols~violes
forging~forging
reagent~réactif
eel's~eel's
Caspian~Caspienne
kneecaps~genouillères
croissant~croissant
assimilated~assimilés
reigniting~réamorcer
illustratively~illustrative
handicap~handicap
sledges~traineaux
squats~squats
plump~dodu
wadding's~ouate de
meliorative~mélioratif
interval's~intervalle de
Janet's~Janet
lvi~LVI
tics~tics
midsections~midsections
Montaigne~Montaigne
notarises~notarises
unpaid~non payé
detector~detector
housemother's~de housemother
spilling~effusion
crotchet's~crotchet's
streaming~diffusion
Wobegon~Wobegon
survive~survivre
Celtic's~celtique de
cannibals~anthropophages
Dorsey~Dorsey
Purdue's~Purdue de
yardstick's~étalon de
methodically~méthodiquement
fixers~fixers
Ar's~Ar de
militates~milite
mishandles~malmène
Glaxo's~Glaxo de
Izaak~Izaak
codicils~codicilles
ignorant~ignorant
Nehemiah~Néhémie
longhand~écriture normale
TELNET~TELNET
cottonwood~cottonwood
formals~formals
pock~pustule de petite vérole
defines~defines
unchaining~déchaînement
Yuri's~Yuri de
we've~nous avons
Gillian's~Gillian
Monica~Monica
yachts~yachts
invidiousness~invidiousness
pedigreed~pédigrée
featherbrained~featherbrained
agreements~les accords
screwdriver~Tournevis
Golconda~Golconde
regathers~regathers
Stockholm's~Stockholm de
obstetrics~obstétrique
sensing~détection
counterpoises~counterpoises
softness~douceur
scrupulousness~scrupules
misanthropist's~de misanthrope
empties~empties
postmarks~Cachets
nicety~subtilité
monographs~monographies
waxiness~cireuse
cloistering~claustration
salved~sauvés
honestest~plus honnête
spectre~spectre
impute~imputer
Nicole~Nicole
dukedom's~dukedom's
selenographer's~de sélénographe
dilation~dilation
dodgy~dodgy
battleaxe's~battleaxe de
publishes~publie
Comanche~Comanche
DeGeneres's~Années DeGeneres
hobbyist's~de bricoleur
bicyclist~bicycliste
Durham~Durham
Antares~Antares
crossbred~crossbred
Gill~lamelle
inane~inepte
Andrews~Andrews
centennial~centenaire
magnifiers~loupes
truckles~truckles
babbler~bavard
escritoire~escritoire
outlets~prises électriques
hogshead~barrique
count~count
invulnerability~invulnérabilité
trippers~excursionnistes
hogbacks~hogbacks
dearness's~dearness's
getting~getting
femurs~femurs
omegas~omégas
emigrant~emigrant
tremulousness's~tremulousness de
Gorgonzola~Gorgonzola
vodkas~vodkas
intimacy's~l'intimité de
severity's~la gravité de
bracts~bractées
goldfish's~goldfish's
northbound~en direction du nord
arrowroot's~Années marante
boxer~boxeur
colt~poulain
cutlasses~cutlasses
polygraphs~polygraphes
price~prix
Bimini~Bimini
miscues~gaffes
emulator~emulator
yield's~du rendement
rages~fait rage
Arnold's~Arnold
bopping~bopping
obscurantists~obscurantistes
conflating~amalgamant
profitability~rentabilité
windward's~exposé au vent de
bliss~félicité
monthly~mensuel
coronet's~coronet's
throe~parturition
chiropodist~pédicure
papillae~papille
Valencia~Valencia
artsiest~artsiest
sushi~Sushi
nostrils~narines
Venezuelan's~vénézuélien de
tritest~plus banal
phlebitis's~de phlébite
Rosenzweig's~Rosenzweig de
Cranach~Cranach
inclination's~inclinaison de
refiners~raffineurs
fatalism~fatalism
miscue's~de méprises
phoniness's~de phoniness
dirge~dirge
gormandising~gormandising
noise's~des bruits
cobwebbier~cobwebbier
deformity's~deformity's
curbing's~curbing's
chequerboards~chequerboards
triangulation's~triangulation de
asphyxiates~asphyxie
Isolde~Isolde
promiscuity~la promiscuité
Weller~Weller
fireman~fireman
feverish~feverish
buttery~de beurre
Traci's~Traci de
massaging~massant
witter~Witter
irrationality~irrationalité
skew's~biais de
Claire~Claire
extorts~extorts
copiousness's~copiousness's
Andrew's~Andrew
erector~erector
sulkies~sulkys
Narnia~Narnia
arrest~arrêter
holding~en portant
chiefer~chiefer
nonaggression's~de non-agression
emasculate~emasculate
mesosphere's~mésosphère de
hunting~chasse
dilettantism~dilettantism
axe~hache
pastime's~passe-temps de
ubiquitous~omniprésent
probate's~de l'homologation
Thomism~thomisme
winning~gagnant
sophisticate's~de sophistiquer
peacekeepers~gardiens de la paix
teleprocessing's~télégestion de
lecturers~chargés de cours
Chaney~Chaney
tufters~Tufters
Spiro's~spiro de
South's~Sud de
regretful~de regret
frogs~frogs
athletics~athlétisme
chinchillas~chinchillas
coursebooks~coursebooks
amortised~amorti
leggier~leggier
HF's~HF de
bi's~bis
homogeneously~de façon homogène
annualised~annualisée
broaden~élargir
Baeria's~Années Baeria
ulcerate~ulcérer
hectometre's~hectomètre de
carousal's~bombance de
pimpliest~pimpliest
tactfulness~tactfulness
myelitis~myélite
isolate~isoler
Pusey~Pusey
experiment~experiment
webbing~sangles
tibiae~tibias
franked~franked
Allegheny's~Allegheny de
snakier~snakier
floppily~floppily
Mendoza's~Mendoza de
elements~elements
incitements~incitations
sultan's~SULTAN
unbuckling~dégrafage
belladonna~belladone
Yesenia's~Yesenia de
barters~trocs
supersedes~supersedes
unstuck~décollé
accompanied~accompagné
stoniness's~de Pierrosité
comebacks~retours
Sylvester's~-Sylvestre
Will's~Will
destitution~destitution
hospholipase~hospholipase
proselytiser~prosélyte
crispiness~crispiness
ambassadress's~de ambassadrices
pressurise~pressuriser
collision's~collision de
deservedly~deservedly
convulsively~convulsively
frog's~frog's
intelligibility's~intelligibilité de
croup's~croup's
nirvana's~le nirvana de
Sana's~Sana années
joule's~Années joules
headstones~pierres tombales
collated~collationné
pains~des douleurs
outvoting~majoriser
resurrects~ressuscite
etchers~etchers
renters~locataires
EKG's~EKG de
foreleg~foreleg
chariness's~chariness de
noteworthiness's~de noteworthiness
Schulz's~Schulz
attention~attention
arranger's~arrangeur de
stopwatches~chronomètres
valiance~vaillance
deforestation~deforestation
loudspeakers~haut-parleurs
sugars~sucres
succulent~succulent
facilitate~facilitate
caprice~caprice
stagings~mises en scène
preciousness's~préciosité de
inferring~inférant
Fauntleroy~Fauntleroy
rototillers~motoculteurs
bowdlerisation's~bowdlerisation de
processor's~processeur de
meres~meres
recluses~recluses
changes~changements
predestining~prédestine
absorbent~absorbant
girders~girders
kinkily~Aniqualement
Cipro's~Cipro de
insidiously~insidieusement
catechist's~de catéchiste
midshipman's~midshipman de
cistern's~citerne de
doorknob~doorknob
cusp's~cusp's
extras~extras
trillium~trille
abundantly~en abondance
orbiter's~orbiteur de
training's~de la formation
underwire~underwire
gardenia's~gardenia's
roundness's~rotondité de
wartime's~en temps de guerre de
LSAT~LSAT
coaching~encadrement
locomotive~locomotive
skimpily~skimpily
regurgitate~régurgiter
spacewalked~spacewalked
burlier~burlier
benefaction's~de benefaction
jigsaws~sauteuses
stableman~garçon d'écurie
bowls~boules
Elizabethan's~Années élisabéthaine
nonnarcotic~non narcotiques
examines~examines
dopers~dopers
quirts~quirts
objectification~objectivation
non~non
corrupts~corrupts
Chasity~Chasity
devote~devote
Hollerith~Hollerith
stakeouts~planques
Legree~Legris
spheroids~sphéroïdes
sprawling~étendu
sinuosity's~sinuosité de
Barrett~Barrett
frontiersmen~frontiersmen
renamed~renommé
oldest~Le plus ancien
bereavements~deuils
moistened~mouillé
dysphoric~dysphoric
dowsers~dowsers
anvils~enclumes
GHQ's~GQG de
pinyon~pinyon
timpanist's~timbalier de
nudism's~de nudisme
curettage~curettage
Valdez's~Valdez de
motherly~maternelle
gyves~gyves
circulation's~circulation de
terabyte~téraoctet
impeacher's~impeacher de
rostrum~tribune
schmoozed~schmoozed
Gall's~Gall
insole~semelle intérieure
scornful~méprisant
supervisor~superviseur
coquetting~coquetting
theocracy's~de la théocratie
amiss~un raté
Bisquick's~Bisquick de
botanist~botaniste
collectivised~collectivisée
Arkansans~Arkansans
overacts~font trop
broker's~cOURTIER
adumbration's~de préfiguration
stat~stat
Highlands~hauts plateaux
lamb's~d'agneau
mechanisation~mécanisation
kestrels~crécerelles
wooding~Wooding
balers~presses à balles
cadge~quémander
tames~Tames
calcimining~calcimining
clotheslines~clotheslines
curlicue's~curlicue's
pressie~pressie
roaring's~du rugissant
schizos~schizos
unfetters~unfetters
hairnet~hairnet
perpetuates~pérennise
sidelong~oblique
continuing~continuing
overprints~surimpressions
dadaist's~dadaist's
Raymundo's~Raymundo de
fight~fight
legalese's~Années jargon juridique
allusiveness~allusif
Lemaitre~lemaitre
rash's~éruption de
guava's~guava's
depute~depute
palfrey's~palefroi de
frailness's~frailness's
academician~académicien
try~essayer
retweeted~retweeted
Alleghenies's~Années Alleghenies
duplicator~duplicator
ovular~ovulaire
daftness~daftness
dweeb~dweeb
toughening~durcissement
Basutoland's~Basutoland de
praetor's~préteur de
chillies~piments
goosing~goosing
Catiline~Catilina
ransomware~ransomware
willingly~volontiers
neurologists~neurologues
schnozzle's~Années schnozzle
cheated~triché
inaccessible~inaccessible
Lesotho~Lesotho
hoists~monte-charge
quantifier~quantificateur
hyssop's~hysope de
decrescendo's~decrescendo's
forgiving~forgiving
theorem~théorème
Tamara's~Tamara
headrest~repose-tête
infomercials~infopublicités
pastiest~pastiest
unaligned~non aligné
schizoid's~de schizoïdes
iterating~itérer
Apache's~Apache
blemish~défaut
franchisers~franchisers
Swanee's~Swanee de
loadable~chargeable
seismologist's~sismologue de
Chernenko's~Tchernenko de
Nanak~Nanak
frizzing~frizzing
heritage~patrimoine
abjures~abjure
dissipation~dissipation
Angie~Angie
lidless~lidless
wheelhouse's~la timonerie
gentry~gentry
soiree~soirée
theatrical~théâtral
fleets~fleets
retrospection~rétrospection
adopter~adoptif
flammable~flammable
cayuse~cayuse
cervical~cervical
combatant~combattant
populations~populations
rejigged~rejigged
articulately~articulée
scree's~Années pierriers
Southerner's~sudiste de
greening~greening
sermon's~le sermon
Yankees~Yankees
breastbones~sternum
keepsake~souvenir
prolapse~prolapsus
Rabin's~Rabin
fishcake~fishcake
Thucydides's~Années Thucydide
kiwi~kiwi
discrete~discrete
chug~souffler
tact's~tact de
Alberio~Alberio
suppresses~supprime
ravagers~ravageurs
abuser's~agresseur de
summarising~résumant
Osaka's~Osaka de
papergirls~papergirls
paperer~Paperer
realised~réalisé
hardcore~hardcore
looters~pilleurs
Kirchner~kirchner
lettuce's~laitue de
uneducated~sans instruction
criticises~criticises
giggling~giggling
sis~sis
devolved~devolved
athletically~athlétiquement
Tylenol's~Tylenol de
redeposit's~redéposer de
oi~Oi
extractor's~extractor's
sidepiece's~de pièce latérale
potbellies~bedaines
boccie~boccia
Carmen's~années Carmen
yang~yang
Tunguska~Tunguska
campsite~camping
ytterbium's~ytterbium de
aka~alias
straightway~tout de suite
innovation~innovation
Boniface's~Boniface de
quoins~chaînages
electors~electors
artless~naïf
arabesque's~arabesque de
Baudouin's~Baudouin de
pogrom's~pogrom de
culpability's~culpability's
crookedness~crookedness
drenches~drenches
Jewesses~Juives
staidness's~de staidness
teaks~tecks
Tigris's~tigris de
separable~séparable
heathen's~païens de
Cannes~Cannes
groovier~groovier
inscription~une inscription
offertories~offertoires
deluding~deluding
cowgirl's~cowgirl's
institution~institution
versatility's~la polyvalence de
parry's~parry de
haricot~haricot
Poznan~Poznan
stuccoes~stucs
Chekhov's~Tchekhov
sockeye~rouge
noted~c'est noté
inadequately~mal
divulge~divulge
scarred~cabossé
ganglionic~ganglionic
italic's~italique
handpicked~handpicked
column~colonne
milted~milted
flair~flair
googled~googled
shams~Shams
bottoms~fonds
reinforcements~renforts
desecrated~desecrated
hairsplitting's~hairsplitting's
puffballs~puffballs
pendulous~pendant
revitalises~revitalise
rabbets~feuillures
euphemism's~euphemism's
legman~Legman
vaquero~Vaquero
paralytic's~paralytique de
quitclaim's~quitclaim de
McMillan's~McMillan
substituent~substituant
portage~portage
schoolboys~écoliers
fluoroscopes~fluoroscopes
hosepipe~tuyau
inveigling~Contraindre
graphic's~graphic's
unsurprisingly~Sans surprise
perfidy~perfidie
ls~ls
modicum~minimum
calling~appel
Michel~Michel
overachievers~perfectionnistes
determinations~determinations
Texas's~Texas de
rigidity~rigidité
vivify~vivifier
unravel~démêler
brawny~musculeux
Cesarean~césarienne
dragging~dragging
Bedouins~Bedouins
blackhead~point noir
cascara's~Années Cascara
closes~se ferme
Suetonius's~Suétone de
crawlspaces~crawlspaces
RR~RR
pressed~pressé
compositor~compositeur
birthers~birthers
Samoan~Samoan
cellars~caves
bettor~parieur
phonied~phonied
hydrophobia~hydrophobie
Kit's~trousse
outworn~usé
benchmark's~référence de
crucially~crucially
motorist~automobiliste
whaleboat~baleinière
Stern~Arrière
atom~atome
modifying~modification
Fuzhou~Fuzhou
Josephus~Josephus
heptagon's~heptagone de
tearier~tearier
gambolling~gambolling
reformatted~reformaté
hypermarkets~hypermarchés
antispasmodic~antispasmodique
sateen's~Années satinette
sweepers~balayeuses
expressionists~expressionists
triviality~banalité
showiness's~de showiness
engrossing~engrossing
bellying~gonflée
housetop~housetop
substantive~substantiel
sweatshop's~ateliers clandestins de
Bk~Bk
pyelonephritis~pyélonéphrite
award's~prix
satiny~satinées
recalculated~recalculés
flatus's~flatus's
rooks~Rooks
blowgun's~sarbacane de
pigmentation's~pigmentation de
Peloponnese's~années Péloponnèse
Canad~Canad
sorriness~sorriness
cosmetic's~cosmetic's
Labrador's~années Labrador
uncanniest~uncanniest
parenthood's~de la parentalité
Minnesota's~du Minnesota
chaotic~chaotique
curse~curse
honesty~honnêteté
jack~jack
prawns~crevettes
sodium's~sodium de
passivity~passivité
Wilkes's~Années Wilkes
doughiest~doughiest
vagabond~vagabond
widths~largeurs
jackknife's~de jackknife
dustbin~dustbin
piglet~porcelet
wreath~couronne
isolationists~isolationnistes
Sinai's~Sinaï de
votary~fervent
consorted~joignirent
Yaounde's~Yaoundé de
motes~motes
Atria~Atria
saprophytic~saprophytes
bowlful's~bolée de
weekenders~weekenders
goodness's~goodness's
aftershave's~après-rasage de
commiserating~commisération
Australopithecus's~Australopithecus de
polyandrous~polyandre
cabdriver~chauffeur de taxi
Wiggins's~Wiggins de
Cowell's~Cowell
duckier~duckier
whores~putes
fable's~fable's
softeners~adoucisseurs
yuan~yuan
yield~rendement
legalism's~de légalisme
supper~souper
ban~interdire
trilby~feutre
palavering~palabres
Golgi's~Golgi de
Dumbo~empoté
archaeologist's~archéologue de
vowel's~voyelle de
ambiguity's~l'ambiguïté de
yawn's~bâillement de
portrait~portrait
propitiates~proportionne
wishlist's~liste de voeux
planet's~PLANETE
Claudia~Claudia
relieving~relève
dogcatcher~dogcatcher
Latasha's~Latasha de
terrorist~terroriste
clothes~vêtements
chromosomal~chromosomique
Romero's~Romero
toddlers~les tout-petits
drivels~drivels
breadline~breadline
drizzly~drizzly
Brenner's~Brenner
balefully~torve
receptor's~récepteur de
satyr~satyre
roach's~gardon de
Hauptmann~Hauptmann
unbuttoning~déboutonner
spoonbill's~Années Spatule
misinterpretations~une mauvaise interprétation
excusing~excusing
dilutes~dilutes
overhaul's~révision de
papilla~papille
heavies~heavies
Potemkin's~Potemkine
kindred~parenté
revered~révéré
blowiest~blowiest
horrifying~effroyable
laxative~laxatif
pappies~pappies
Meany~Meany
encases~encases
gardener~gardener
biographical~biographique
kindling~allumage
woefullest~woefullest
antihistamine~antihistamine
pegboards~pegboards
crow's~crow's
appointee~personne désignée
cosign~cosign
hon's~L'honorable de
tweaking~peaufinage
Myrtle~Myrte
conundrums~conundrums
scalper~scalper
labs~laboratoires
cheesecloth's~Années étamine
unless~sauf si
duffs~duffs
TNT's~TNT de
herbicide~herbicide
spangles~paillons
reappears~reparaît
visage~visage
anchorwoman~présentatrice
drawl~drawl
unfinished~inachevé
Sheffield~Sheffield
caissons~caissons
wideness's~wideness de
baaed~baaed
abstractly~abstraite
busy~occupé
Hammerstein's~Hammerstein
gelding's~gelding's
Laurie~Laurie
highbrows~highbrows
Coriolanus's~Coriolan de
Lavonne~lavonne
opposition~opposition
boogied~boogied
barb~barbillon
slits~fentes
entrepreneurship~entrepreneurship
rococo's~Années Rococo
dripped~dripped
sniff's~sniff de
Beatriz's~Beatriz de
tumbler~verre
overspend~trop dépenser
intermission~entracte
innocent~innocent
sightliest~sightliest
overpraises~overpraises
neighbour's~voisins
verdict~verdict
widespread~répandu
inconstancy~inconstance
dogfish's~dogfish's
behemoth's~de mastodonte
fingermarks~fingermarks
heredity's~de l'hérédité
oenophiles~oenophiles
parascending~parachutisme
hours~heures
memorising~mémorisation
remoteness's~éloignement de
files~files
liker~liker
madams~maquerelles
ecru~ecru
scurry's~Années Scurry
belong~appartenir
smallpox's~la variole de
gilt~gilt
uncaught~uncaught
Honduras~Honduras
yacht's~yacht de
chills~des frissons
woolliest~woolliest
animadversions~animadversions
tidal~de la marée
Allison's~Allison
jaggedness~jaggedness
tireder~tireder
pyre's~Années bûchers
dreamboat's~dreamboat's
davenport's~davenport's
rocks~des roches
unimposing~unimposing
Oahu's~Oahu de
unfeeling~insensible
berthed~accostée
unobtrusiveness's~de unobtrusiveness
jingles~jingles
millipede's~Années millipede
Comintern~Komintern
lukewarmness's~de tiédeur
clearing~clairière
whew~ouf
glossier~glossier
husked~décortiqués
nourished~nourrie
meningitis~méningite
angriest~Angriest
distorter~distorter
PlayStation's~PlayStation de
visited~a visité
cassava's~de manioc de
purl~à l'envers
theocracy~théocratie
solemness's~solemness de
accusative~accusatif
tarragon~estragon
bolstering~renforçons
reincorporation's~réincorporation de
nonparticipant's~de non participants
tome~pour moi
crossest~crossest
calloused~calleuse
helpful~utile
chalice~calice
prised~prisé
gorp~gorp
felicity~felicity
gag's~gag's
Susquehanna's~Susquehanna de
subdivide~subdiviser
trellis~treillis
motorboat's~bateaux à moteur de
iv~iv
diploma~diploma
reconstruction~reconstruction
overgrew~overgrew
strictures~rétrécissements
gummy~gummy
approximately~approximativement
liverwurst's~Années liverwurst
fielding~fielding
parse~analyser
pies~tartes
chess~échecs
disablement's~disablement's
lilliputian~lilliputien
mousse's~mousse de
mantas~Mantas
Norse's~Norse de
vestries~sacristies
mishmash's~méli-mélo de
anarchism's~de l'anarchisme
philosophiser~philosophiser
lilt's~de lilt
absconds~se soustrait
crudity~crudity
undercarriage~châssis
relater's~relateur de
Io~Io
revealings~revealings
martens~martens
gaily~gaily
implication's~implication de
Yacc~yacc
deteriorating~deteriorating
delicatessen~delicatessen
payday's~salaire de
spatting~spatting
wobbles~vacille
prancers~prancers
gimlet's~gimlet's
ancientness~ancientness
launchers~lanceurs
tam~tam
Tad's~Tad de
melodramatically~mélodramatique
downloading~downloading
velvet's~de velours
scantily~scantily
Jefferson's~Jefferson
concertmaster's~concertmaster de
Seurat~Seurat
Hoffman~Hoffman
scaffolding~échafaudage
teriyaki~teriyaki
ligneous~ligneux
meanly~mesquinement
masturbates~masturbe
sextuplet~sextolet
sensory~sensoriel
session's~séance de
saintliness's~de la sainteté
chaffinch's~pinson de
diversification~diversification
exhaustiveness's~exhaustiveness's
fraudulently~fraudulently
wangler's~Wangler de
Huitzilopotchli~Huitzilopotchli
ragging~bizutage
scissor~ciseaux
turbocharges~dope
Spitz~Loulou
Eisner's~Eisner
patronise~fréquenter
modded~modded
heedlessly~étourdiment
gimleting~gimleting
Hearst's~Hearst
wrist~poignet
OPEC's~OPEP
mahogany's~acajou de
Coppola~coppola
emoting~emoting
unbeliever's~de incroyant
chamberlains~chambellans
burrowers~fouisseurs
coddled~dorlotés
Carroll's~Carroll
multivariate~multivariée
arthritic~arthritique
kart's~kart de
Muse's~Muse
gaffe~gaffe
redolence's~de redolence
ploy~stratagème
lineman's~Le joueur de ligne de
minutely~minutieusement
Osman~Osman
conferencing~conférence
iffiness's~iffiness de
Trent~Trent
goggled~goggled
male's~mâles
suiting's~de conformes aux paramètres
tarantula~tarentule
slaughterers~abatteurs
politburo~politburo
collectable's~de collectionnables
Minnie's~Minnie
fanciest~fanciest
glean~glean
badinage~badinage
geyser's~geyser's
flywheel~flywheel
amazonian~amazonie
gentrified~gentrified
surrounding's~alentours
flabbergasting~flabbergasting
yachtswoman's~de yachtswoman
tourist's~touristes
lulled~bercé
tenor's~ténor de
derivable~derivable
spaciousness's~Habitabilité de
concertise~concertise
Cockney~Cockney
tucker~fichu
luck~la chance
jackboots~bottes à l'écuyère
arable~arable
Goliath's~Goliath
passes~passe
shovelled~pelleté
hector's~hector de
weal~bonheur
watercraft~motomarine
absconded~pris la fuite
considerable~considérable
narc~narc
allusion's~allusion de
dance's~dance's
Clyde~Clyde
overrated~surfaite
redskins~redskins
Gurkha's~Gurkha de
behaviours~comportements
imprinted~imprimé
Gunther~Gunther
crippler~crippler
slung~slung
Manitoulin~Manitoulin
amazement's~étonnement de
twaddler's~twaddler de
free~free
counterbalance's~counterbalance's
ignoble~ignoble
Danish's~danois de
Job~Emploi
repression's~répression de
scrawny~maigre
supervision's~supervision de
Josie's~Josie
primes~nombres premiers
backspaces~backspaces
autoworker~autoworker
wainscotings~lambris
Belfast~Belfast
weir~barrage
uteri~uteri
Doonesbury's~Doonesbury de
freakishly~freakishly
promoters~promoteurs
examining~examining
Brownshirt's~chemises brunes de
parsnips~panais
vindication~justification
conceptualising~conceptualiser
menswear~vêtements pour hommes
Katie~Katie
gummier~gummier
hellcats~Hellcats
siltier~siltier
Tanganyika~Tanganyika
tasting~dégustation
slow~lent
Arneb~Arneb
stomach~estomac
humanitarian's~humanitaires de
memorise~mémoriser
sinew's~nerf
reemploy~réemployer
pallbearer's~de pallbearer
starlets~starlettes
diapering~diapering
noisemaker~fauteur de trouble
sublingual~sublingual
wingnut~écrou papillon
flairs~flairs
cigar~cigare
oval's~ovale de
diciest~diciest
bristling~hérissée
ceremoniously~cérémonieusement
Rossetti~Rossetti
debilities~debilities
feta's~feta's
bolus's~années bolus
Parrish~Parrish
foxes~foxes
tepidness~tiédeur
teamed~fait équipe
lending~prêt
dignitaries~dignitaries
Zapata~Zapata
sharecropping~métayage
anticipated~anticipé
punter's~botteur de
Yugoslav~yougoslave
brazier~brasero
humdingers~Humdingers
cowardliness's~cowardliness's
clingfilm~clingfilm
pastille's~pastilla de
rerecord~réenregistrez
monopoly~monopole
deflation~deflation
erosion~erosion
succulence's~succulence de
stabbed~poignardée
slingbacks~escarpins sandales
militarise~militariser
fringing~fringing
suggesting~suggérant
tomboy's~garçon manqué de
whip's~fouet de
emptily~emptily
Balder's~Balder de
muteness~mutisme
oscillation~oscillation
affixed~apposée
thereof~en
crossbars~crossbars
twin's~jumeaux
jeering's~de railler
doorplate's~doorplate's
billy~gamelle
Zola's~Zola
wads~liasses
horde~horde
agnostics~agnostiques
approves~approuve
hawkishness's~de hawkishness
overburden~surcharger
eighths~eighths
punctual~ponctuel
adaptability's~la capacité d'adaptation de
accomplishing~accomplir
stockading~stockading
halon~halon
lasagne~Lasagne
fancies~fancies
model~maquette
contractually~contractually
sidecars~sidecars
Moll~nana
barnstorms~barnstorms
minuend's~diminuende de
Caruso~Caruso
poet~poète
crawls~crawls
prepaid~prépayé
camouflager~camouflager
houseclean~houseclean
Os~Os
growler's~growler's
fining~fining
sonogram's~sonogramme de
Elysian's~Elysian de
ammunition~munition
catchword~slogan
chirped~gazouilla
describer's~describer's
crude's~crude's
lettuce~salade
priding~targuant
utterly~totalement
decolonise~decolonise
Apple~Pomme
Sammie's~Sammie de
droops~droops
Addison's~Addison
antiabortionists~antiabortionists
decommissioned~decommissioned
Cypriot's~de Chypre
simpatico~Simpatico
preordained~prédestinée
faculties~faculties
Coleen~Coleen
Vicki's~Vicki
ditherers~ditherers
solicitors~avocats
crumbed~crumbed
diffing~diffing
libido's~de la libido
muddiness's~de muddiness
tricepses~tricepses
Pearlie~Pearlie
activism~activisme
clustered~cluster
reprovingly~réprobateur
inhumanities~inhumanités
suspicion's~suspicion de
shepherding~shepherding
existentialism's~existentialism's
ciphering~chiffrement
Exodus's~exode de
tyrannised~tyrannisé
receipting~émission de reçus
palmtop's~palmtop de
hay~foins
suchlike~de la sorte
irrepressible~irrépressible
variant's~variante de
seraglio's~de sérail
Kurt~Kurt
grinders~grinders
concur~être d'accord
primordially~primordialement
beck~ruisseau
Soyinka's~Soyinka de
discreetness~discreetness
liberality's~libéralité de
Jaycee~Jaycee
coeds~collocataires
blushing~rougissant
ova~ova
Popeye's~Popeye
upland's~hautes terres
keratin's~kératine de
scarpering~scarpering
abatement's~la réduction de
missilery~missilery
foolish~foolish
clams~palourdes
federate~federate
auroras~auroras
ecumenicism's~ecumenicism's
decrescendos~decrescendos
splutter's~crépitement de
Poiret~poiret
rewire~refaire l'installation électrique
suturing~suturer
Halsey's~Halsey de
retrospect~rétrospection
nutmeg's~noix de muscade de
digital~digital
Yangtze~Yangtsé
gooseberries~gooseberries
Tulsidas~Tulsidas
southerns~méridionaux
ginkgoes~ginkgoes
daily~daily
phobia's~phobie de
embryologist's~embryologist's
houri's~houri de
vehicular~véhicule
unhappily~malheureusement
maze~Labyrinthe
Roqueforts~roqueforts
auger~vrille
officials~fonctionnaires
coleys~Coleys
inveterate~invétéré
fab~fab
Sassanian~sassanide
intuited~intuited
communing~communiant
following~following
waxes~cires
braggarts~vantards
crystallography~crystallography
mag's~mag de
dirigibles~dirigibles
sorrowfully~tristesse
esplanade's~esplanade's
cranium~cranium
agility~agilité
sparring~sparring
leash's~laisse de
enlightenment's~enlightenment's
crier~crier
battledore~battoir
meadowlarks~sturnelles
heehawing~heehawing
misplaces~place mal
roisterer's~noceur de
collects~recueille
weighed~pesé
impressionist~impressionniste
bogging~enlisement
ultraviolet's~ultraviolet de
skulker~skulker
surtaxed~surtaxé
transfix~transpercer
Alpine~Alpin
hydrology's~hydrologie de
Sun~Soleil
thriftiest~plus économe
switching~commutation
witticism's~de boutade
immobilises~immobilise
pullover's~Années pull-over
feasting~feasting
professionalises~professionnalise
diet~diet
inflames~en feu
Fanny's~Fanny
saplings~jeunes arbres
prescript~prescript
lugging~trimballer
slicked~lissés
Friedman~Friedman
bellyfuls~bellyfuls
Liston's~Liston de
endowed~endowed
ogres~ogres
seined~seined
antecedence's~de antécédence
chomp's~Chomp de
fictionally~fictionally
cascara~Cascara
bassos~bassos
fatherly~fatherly
workshops~ateliers
womaniser~coureur de jupons
banjo's~banjos
loured~loured
Suzuki's~Suzuki
detest~detest
diagnoses~diagnoses
wrathful~courroucé
appendages~appendice
coddling~chouchouté
fiercest~fiercest
premeditate~préméditer
spacecraft~vaisseau spatial
exits~exits
Catskill~Catskill
scald's~de échaudage
sense~sens
pattern~modèle
canter's~canter
expense's~expense's
Goodman's~Goodman
miscommunications~erreurs de communication
cadences~cadences
Rustbelt's~Rustbelt de
possibility's~possibilité de
prepacked~préemballées
throwback's~Throwback de
quivers~carquois
competitive~compétitif
reveals~révèle
infielder~infielder
punchbag~punchbag
Horthy~Horthy
blood's~le sang de
righto~righto
Chapman's~Chapman
doggy's~doggy's
parenting's~de la parentalité
conjurations~conjurations
comediennes~comediennes
despotism's~despotism's
scuppering~saborder
solemnify~solemnify
immolation~immolation
symbolisation's~symbolisation de
Jehoshaphat~Josaphat
faecal~faecal
spinsters~fileuses
captions~sous-titres
mischance's~de mischance
excruciatingly~excruciatingly
archer~archer
Marley~Marley
spooled~bobiné
shootings~fusillades
underlays~sous-couches
determination's~determination's
imbroglios~imbroglios
mottoes~mottoes
pelagic~pélagique
velocipede's~de vélocipède
Murmansk~Mourmansk
radioactively~radioactivement
galumphing~galumphing
swore~juraient
Emory's~Emory de
tagging~tagging
bract's~de bractées
answers~réponses
infrastructure's~de l'infrastructure
sculptress's~sculptrice de
secluded~isolé
overenthusiastic~trop enthousiaste
Bruegel~Bruegel
prize~prix
Pusey's~Pusey de
abuse's~les abus
showcase~vitrine
spellcheckers~correcteurs orthographiques
smoothie's~Smoothie de
odds's~cotes de
trimaran's~trimaran de
hectometre~hectomètre
crutch~crutch
snipping~Snipping
alternative~alternative
uncivil~impoli
scarceness~rareté
inability's~l'incapacité de
Letha's~Letha de
Wahhabi~wahhabites
fastidiously~fastidiously
occupant's~de l'occupant
beeper~bip
dankness~dankness
watchstraps~bracelets de montre
nauseousness~nauseousness
spunk's~spunk de
contagion~contagion
mop~balai
shiftier~shiftier
barer~Barer
thickener's~épaississant de
furring~furring
lining~Doublure
prompter's~prompteur de
polarisation~polarisation
lube's~Lube de
proprietress's~tenancière de
trustworthier~trustworthier
allurement's~séductions de
honouring~honorant
distensions~distensions
hewers~couperont
HM~HM
diversity's~diversity's
luncheon's~Déjeuner de
tutelary~tutélaire
wheeze's~sifflante de
goldfish~goldfish
serve's~servir de
skewbald~skewbald
Marcos's~Marcos de
unhardened~non durci
Ta~Ta
trowel~truelle
Yellowstone's~Yellowstone de
thalami~thalamus
backspin~backspin
restyling~restyling
layover's~layover de
quavering~chevrotant
sociologist~sociologue
shipshape~en ordre
sorta~sorta
Barker's~Barker
bitterness~amertume
buster's~buster de
Holland~Hollande
Jehovah~Jéhovah
Tamra's~Tamra de
Tad~Tad
Madden~exaspérer
imbibe~boire
Geo~Géo
assemblages~assemblages
turbid~turbide
crescents~crescents
slushier~slushier
botched~bâclée
coupons~coupons
Wasatch's~Wasatch de
forestalling~forestalling
inchworms~inchworms
reeves~reeves
Patterson's~Patterson
excepting~excepting
shimmered~miroitaient
stratification~stratification
astringency~astringence
lulus~lulus
ignition's~allumage de
medleys~medleys
Ting's~Ting de
bipolarity's~bipolarité de
Namath~Namath
salutatorian~salutatorian
rifting~rifting
steaminess's~de steaminess
quarterfinal~quart de finale
equilibrium~equilibrium
mosquitoes~les moustiques
clemency's~la clémence de
feeds~feeds
Palestine~Palestine
Camoens~Camoens
townsfolk~citadins
thudding~thudding
recanted~rétractés
menstruating~menstruation
tailboards~hayons
Melvin's~Melvin
KS~KS
honesty's~de l'honnêteté
penetrability~pénétrabilité
outgunned~puissance de feu
gibbets~gibbets
Smith~Forgeron
Lucretius~lucretius
insignificant~insignifiant
modifications~modifications
condensation~condensation
loyalest~loyalest
asteroid~astéroïde
pewter's~étain de
enfeeblement~enfeeblement
waders's~de échassiers
jasper~jaspe
Stewart~Stewart
SSE's~SSE de
incredibly~incroyablement
prosceniums~prosceniums
dolt~dolt
lithography~lithographie
StairMaster~StairMaster
roadie's~roadie de
distanced~distanced
seesaws~balançoirs
Hay's~foin de
hedgerow's~bocager de
cavalcade's~cavalcade de
tradesmen~commerçants
juggler's~jongleur de
downpours~downpours
Gnosticism~Gnosticisme
shipwright's~de shipwright
transfigure~transfigurer
unpaved~non pavé
smattering~poignée
skywriters~skywriters
improvement~amélioration
prototypical~prototypique
redeemer's~de Redeemer
zinc~zinc
Akhmatova~Akhmatova
cornering~cornering
horologist~horloger
surfer's~surfeur de
Irving~Irving
gannets~gannets
Alejandro~Alejandro
weavers~tisserands
Geller's~Geller de
truss~ferme
awhile~quelque temps
unkinder~unkinder
cluck~glousser
appalled~consterné
abruptest~abruptest
honeymooner~honeymooner
dribble's~dribble's
boater~canotier
hoaxer's~de mystificateur
Buckley~Buckley
warrants~bons de souscription
dowel's~dowel's
gabbled~gabbled
Fates~Fates
junkies~junkies
caper~câpre
thumbprint~empreinte
Buddha's~Bouddha
plumage's~plumage de
indigo~indigo
debars~debars
suppressant's~de coupe
easement~easement
confiscator's~confiscatoire de
civilisation's~la civilisation de
resits~Réinscription
baring~mettant à nu
vicar's~vicaire de
Amur's~Amur de
solicitude's~sollicitude de
sickies~sickies
throwback~Throwback
whiteness~blancheur
Pickwick's~Pickwick
hurricane's~ouragan de
sprig~brin
circularity~circularité
binged~binged
subtract~soustraire
endorsed~endorsed
Gonzalo's~Gonzalo de
sabbath~sabbat
advance's~avances
pay's~payer de
grammatically~grammatically
oversimplified~simplificatrice
revitalised~revitalisé
herculean~herculéen
softy~très sentimental
asylums~asiles
analogised~analogised
juvenile~juvénile
tattles~cafardeux
brooch's~Broche années
pragmatics~pragmatique
crabbed~crabbed
silencers~silencieux
housemother~responsable de groupe
may's~peut est
wimps~mauviettes
recurrences~récurrences
adamant~catégorique
stripper~effeuilleuse
commemorative~commémoratif
Merritt's~Merritt de
funny~funny
inertia's~inertie de
porkier~porkier
trues~trues
boardinghouses~boardinghouses
pianists~pianistes
interviewed~interviewé
Sussex~Sussex
use's~les usages
conducted~menée
clerestory~clerestory
Bass's~contrebasse solo
disparages~disparages
extradites~extradites
barren~stérile
quotient's~quotient de
hickey's~Hickey
impotently~impuissamment
gushingly~gushingly
cheeriest~cheeriest
Philippe~Philippe
varlets~varlets
hopper's~trémie de
have's~ont de
engorges~engorges
tequila~Tequila
specimens~spécimens
slaver's~Années slaver
Arequipa~Arequipa
cupboards~cupboards
headings~rubriques
euphoniously~euphoniously
Ned~Ned
finagling~finagling
Riel~Riel
Harvey~Harvey
sunstroke~insolation
puck's~puck
staleness's~de caducité
veining~veinures
breadfruit's~de l'arbre à pain
rowboats~chaloupes
whizkid's~Années whizkid
Wilder's~Wilder
reinfects~réinfecte
internationalising~internationaliser
verniers~verniers
brew~brasser
vb~vb
melon~melon
Burundians~Burundais
colonists~colons
Aristides~Aristides
freq~freq
boner~gaffe
globalisation~globalisation
eds~eds
lowered~réduit
poisoner's~de empoisonneur
toast~pain grillé
mackerel's~maquereaux
Danton's~Danton
boorishness~goujaterie
hegiras~hegiras
uninterruptedly~sans interruption
BBC's~BBC
goldbricks~goldbricks
descendant's~descendant's
Disraeli~Disraeli
blarneyed~blarneyed
sniffer~renifleur
auguries~auguries
memorisation~mémorisation
electrocutes~electrocutes
Emilia's~Emilia de
zeta~zeta
Gorgas's~Gorgas de
nighthawks~engoulevents
Refugio's~Refugio de
translates~traduit
clavichord~clavicorde
civet's~de civette
layoff's~mise à pied de
soupcon~soupçon
foxhounds~foxhounds
peritoneum~péritoine
potpourri's~pot-pourri de
boozer's~troquet de
pamphleteers~pamphlétaires
upturn~amélioration
wranglings~wranglings
trinitrotoluene~trinitrotoluène
Salome~Salomé
sensitivity~sensibilité
Mitch's~Mitch
contributor~contributor
divorced~divorced
Dustbuster~dustbuster
kindergartener~kindergartener
costings~costings
selectors~sélecteurs
regimented~enrégimentée
appropriateness~justesse
Narragansett~Narragansett
stammerer~bègue
sequin~paillette
diffusely~diffusely
fitments~fitments
subcontracting~sous-traitant
groundhog's~groundhog's
Alaska~Alaska
purchasable~achetables
Cavour's~Cavour
occupation~Occupation
Seagram~Seagram
Eaton's~Eaton
Farsi's~farsi de
naff~naff
pageant~reconstitution historique
pouters~Grosses-gorges
Nate~Nate
threescore's~de soixante
Eakins's~Années Eakins
clipboards~planchettes
diam~diam
dredger~dredger
Polo~Polo
specifiers~spécificateurs
fidgeting~fidgeting
forgers~forgers
queening~Queening
sewer's~les égouts
fermenting~fermenting
voraciousness~voracité
paisley~motif cachemire
backgrounder's~document d'information de
Pearl~perle
Jorge~Jorge
exercises~exercises
bridals~bridals
frittered~frittered
Neptune~Neptune
dishonesty~dishonesty
usernames~les noms d'utilisateur
doves~doves
blazers~Blazers
pinks~roses
threshing~battage
tethering~tethering
unsoundness~unsoundness
venality~vénalité
birthplace~Lieu de naissance
monastery~monastère
fidgets~fidgets
Isaiah's~Isaïe
scorecards~scorecards
airtight~hermétique
Mirfak~Mirfak
Brice's~Brice de
skateboarder~skateboarder
rockers~rockers
antagonistically~antagonique
grandness~grandness
reimpose~réimposer
gamesmanship~gamesmanship
Burgess~Bourgeois
decal~decal
objectively~objectivement
veterinary~vétérinaire
collie~colley
pkt~pkt
Argentinean~argentine
unevenly~de manière inégale
neck's~cou de
disable~disable
icon's~icon de
unlatching~désaccouplement
suns~soleils
gyrfalcons~gyrfalcons
mucked~mucked
cadres~cadres
nonvenomous~Nonvenomous
chimpanzee's~chimpanzé de
bungled~bousillé
leaders~dirigeants
nomenclature~nomenclature
banshee~banshee
extraterritorial~extraterritorial
subset's~sous-ensemble de
Ludhiana~Ludhiana
embroidery~embroidery
intrauterine~stérilet
shorthorn's~Années Shorthorn
seminary~séminaire
alphabetises~alphabetises
vamoose~vamoose
glumly~glumly
parolees~en liberté conditionnelle
windbreak's~brise-vent de
mastectomy's~mastectomie de
Mauritanian's~mauritanien de
Dario~Dario
pull's~tirer de
purvey~fournir
Luther~Luther
tuns~tuns
aquaculture~aquaculture
emblazoning~emblazoning
rewarded~récompensé
reprieved~graciés
acceleration's~l'accélération de
Augustine~Augustin
programmer's~programmeur de
unhooked~déhooké
handlebar~handlebar
imitation~imitation
scepticism's~le scepticisme de
chaste~chaste
pair~paire
jibs~focs
pianos~pianos
paddles~palettes
see~voir
motorcade~cortège de voitures
connives~connivence
Tigris~Tigre
pibroch~pibroch
nominative's~de nominatives
hagiographer~hagiographer
haw's~Haw de
bodywork~carrosserie
tractable~docile
Barrie's~Barrie de
Sousa~Sousa
Doug~Doug
societies~sociétés
glutinously~glutinously
snobbishness~snobbishness
Ellie~Ellie
rabble~populace
hoecake's~hoecake de
medicated~médicamenteux
duplication~duplication
courier's~courier's
redefine~redéfinir
Celina's~Celina de
arrowhead's~arrowhead de
Cf~Cf
blacksmith~forgeron
bluet~bluet
lough~lac
reptilian~reptilien
gum~gum
bouncer's~videur de
orient's~orient de
advertising's~de la publicité
fetch~fetch
Karo's~Karo de
racetrack's~pistes de course
proscription~proscription
tiling's~de carrelage
invoices~factures
inappreciable~inappréciable
corsage's~corsage's
folksingers~folksingers
DA's~DA de
Xenakis's~Années Xenakis
trees~des arbres
drunkenly~drunkenly
enchains~enchains
paperhanging's~Tapisser de
greed~greed
imprison~emprisonner
expeditiousness~expeditiousness
chemises~nuisettes
extensiveness's~extensiveness's
specificity~spécificité
overstuffed~rembourré
clothier~Clothier
publicised~médiatisée
revellers~fêtards
jadedness~incuriosité
Alana~Alana
contrivers~contrivers
chitinous~chitine
stoner~stoner
ecotourism's~ecotourism's
cockney's~de cockney
sen~sen
commie~commie
climates~climats
claustrophobic~claustrophobe
bankers~banquiers
hat's~Chapeaux
Berlitz~Berlitz
carbine's~de carabine
Shakespearean's~de shakespeariens
erythromycin~erythromycin
reigns~règnes
Zeus~Zeus
envelopers~envelopers
field's~field's
jerk~secousse
wolf's~wolf
Mott's~Mott
median~médian
Debs~Debs
playfully~espièglerie
reductions~réductions
arbitrariness~arbitraire
xi's~Xi
cedillas~cédilles
maraca's~Années maraca
abetter's~de abetter
counterspy~counterspy
Pitts~Pitts
queerest~queerest
sickness~maladie
vegetating~végéter
pirates~pirates
fractures~fractures
odour~odeur
Brazilian~brésilien
collector~collectionneur
airborne~aéroporté
satires~satires
woe~malheur
stoics~stoïciens
befuddled~embrouillé
Leander's~Léandre de
flummoxes~flummoxes
molter's~Molter de
distributors~distributors
anorectics~anorexigènes
vamoosed~vamoosed
methamphetamine~méthamphétamine
snipes~Snipes
exculpatory~exculpatory
pompom's~pompons
hatchecks~hatchecks
oaring~oaring
unwitting~involontaire
habiliment~habiliment
boondoggles~scoubidous
Foch's~Foch de
Melanesian's~mélanésien de
cumbersome~cumbersome
impudence's~impudence de
endometriosis~endometriosis
huskiest~huskiest
wayfaring~voyageur
buttoning~boutonnage
christening's~baptême de
drudgery's~drudgery's
Libra~Balance
nutpick's~nutpick de
squeal's~de crissement
Topeka~topeka
nickelodeon~nickelodeon
ghostliest~ghostliest
Wozniak's~Wozniak de
gravel~gravel
doughtiest~doughtiest
waived~renoncé
mopier~mopier
blacktops~blacktops
reappointment~renouvellement de nomination
spruce's~années épinette
ursine~ourse
reprimand~réprimande
scrappier~scrappier
Eridanus's~Années Eridan
colourblindness~daltonisme
NSA~NSA
chiefest~chiefest
Larry~Larry
grosbeaks~grosbeaks
readjustments~réajustements
midmost~le plus proche du centre
deconstructed~deconstructed
wretch~misérable
tickle's~chatouillement de
Kr's~Kr de
confessional's~de confession
Cyprian's~Cyprian de
ultimatums~ultimatums
scuttle's~saborder de
upstart~parvenu
scholar~savant
resitting~Possibilité de repasser
embarrassment's~embarrassment's
corkscrewed~corkscrewed
loveliness's~de beauté
Cahokia~Cahokia
morn~matin
test~tester
conventions~conventions
Darrin~Jean-Pierre
blazoning~blasonner
Gaels~Gaels
perambulate~parcourir
Volstead's~de Volstead
newspaper~journal
Ruby's~Ruby
tincturing~tincturing
killed~tué
explore~explore
whoops~oups
redoubt's~redoute du
wayward~rebelle
headwinds~vents contraires
sped~accéléré
Owens's~Owens de
scrip~scrip
stretch's~tronçon de
characteristically~typiquement
prostrates~prosterne
misquoted~mal cité
handicraft's~handicraft's
annihilate~annihiler
police~police
editor's~editor's
Thornton~Thornton
peroxided~oxygénée
loader's~chargeur de
Domesday's~Domesday de
wassailing~naviguait
Hadar~Hadar
cobbler's~cordonnier
reanimated~réanimés
Nescafe's~Nescafé de
purlieu~purlieu
kw~kw
Araceli's~Araceli de
custody~custody
Wezen's~wezen de
Christendoms~chrétientés
radiogram~radiogramme
peculated~peculated
downtown's~downtown's
congratulatory~de félicitations
treadmill~tapis roulant
Sunnis~sunnites
arse's~cul de
doomsayers~doomsayers
abdicate~abdiquer
shillelagh~Shillelagh
cloud~nuage
laurel's~lauriers
mensch's~mensch de
emotion~emotion
thermionic~thermionic
parodist~parodiste
fighting~fighting
freedman~freedman
lackeys~larbins
soundtrack~bande sonore
misrepresentation~déformation
breast's~sein de
Yonkers's~Années Yonkers
obscure~obscur
scrimmages~jeux dirigés
fathomless~fathomless
neurosurgical~neurochirurgicale
jitterbugging~jitterbug
semisolid~semi-solide
Dryden~Dryden
Love~Amour
retsina's~Années retsina
Astoria~Astoria
Intel~Intel
digitalis's~digitalis's
tracer's~traceur de
cocooning~cocooning
graveside's~graveside's
blowtorch's~blowtorch de
Maputo~Maputo
gimp~gimp
grander~grander
Hutton's~Hutton
debtor~debtor
meritoriousness~meritoriousness
oceanfront's~bord de mer de
spiders~araignées
abruptness's~brusquerie de
witchcraft's~de la sorcellerie
shotgun~fusil à pompe
bridle's~bride de
flophouse's~flophouse's
resetting~réinitialiser
gland's~gland's
inseparably~inséparablement
perking~perking
afflicting~affligeant
Clements~Clements
leapfrog~dépasser
recharter~recharter
Welland's~Welland de
inexpediency~impétuosité
halfwit's~halfwit's
outwitting~Outwitting
Occam's~Occam
gladiatorial~gladiatorial
interview~entretien
Becket's~Becket de
intoxicant's~de intoxicante
Marius's~Marius de
Selectric's~Selectric de
ayatollah~ayatollah
Schubert~Schubert
reexplained~reexplained
replica's~les répliques
aggressiveness's~l'agressivité de
weaver~tisserand
gawky~gawky
hagglers~hagglers
queue's~file d'attente de
striking~frappant
giggle~giggle
primacy's~la primauté du
snowflake's~flocon de neige de
adjudicators~arbitres
adoptions~adoptions
hindsight's~Avec le recul de
trailer's~bandes annonces
meniscus~ménisque
condiment~condiment
divvying~divvying
Howard's~Howard
nonflying~nonflying
barterer's~barterer de
trainloads~trains complets
safely~sans encombre
correctness's~correctness's
roast~rôti
scampering~trottiner
affiliated~affilié
plasticising~plastifier
desalinise~desalinise
hajji's~hajji's
Vinson's~Vinson de
sapiens~sapiens
motherboard's~carte mère de
Angara's~Angara de
fittingly~fittingly
willpower's~de la volonté
Derek~Derek
nonspecializing~nonspecializing
bobbing~branlante
fathoming~fathoming
rationalisation's~la rationalisation de
napper~caboche
cashless~cashless
raccoon's~raton laveur de
jarring~discordant
discourtesy's~discourtesy's
Chittagong's~Chittagong de
stanchion's~de rancher
manoeuvrable~maniable
Mons~Mons
ukulele's~Années ukulélé
Izanagi's~Izanagi de
abstractness~abstrait
Hausa's~haoussa de
glazed~glazed
exclaim~exclaim
augmentative~augmentatif
Cepheus's~Années Cepheus
pullback~pullback
Noelle~Noelle
petiole's~pétiole de
exotic's~exotic's
getaways~getaways
Oneida's~Oneida de
believer~croyant
abalone~ormeau
blats~Blats
newcomer~nouveau venu
determined~determined
palanquins~palanquins
colloquy's~de colloque
Debouillet~Debouillet
expectorants~expectorants
moshed~moshed
supplicants~suppliants
polytheist's~de polythéistes
sawing~sciage
Medan's~Medan de
sponsorship's~commandites
Wiesel~Wiesel
apothegm's~apophtegme de
pother~tapage
top~Haut
barefoot~pieds nus
motionlessness's~de immobilisme
imagination's~l'imagination de
diligent~diligent
backgrounder~document d'information
giveaways~giveaways
moonscapes~paysages lunaires
dazzler~dazzler
pythons~pythons
invitational~Invitational
Teller~Caissier
Tut~Tut
xylophones~xylophones
rune~rune
stratagems~stratagèmes
monetised~monétisé
intruder's~les intrus
Oman~Oman
Leadbelly~Leadbelly
commonalty's~roture de
philanthropies~philanthropies
signaller's~signaleur de
doll~doll
snoot's~de snoot
newsletter~bulletin
burgle~cambrioler
compeer's~Compeer de
bilaterally~bilatéralement
Newfoundlands~newfoundlands
sunburned~coup de soleil
coat's~manteaux
accumulation~accumulation
berserk~fou furieux
inspectorate's~Inspection du
injudiciously~inconsidérément
Nevis~Nevis
emancipates~emancipates
delectably~delectably
volcano's~volcan de
Singapore~Singapour
roe's~oeufs de
meriting~méritant
exiled~exiled
VAT's~TVA de
notch's~encoche de
spelunker~spéléologue
script~scénario
Houyhnhnm's~Houyhnhnm de
reinvigorated~revigoré
flibbertigibbets~flibbertigibbets
pompadour's~pompadour de
Socorro~Socorro
breastfeeding~allaitement maternel
sizes~tailles
sorehead's~râleur de
introduction's~l'introduction de
contraction~contraction
artichoke~artichaut
rearrange~réarranger
pointier~Pointier
Van~Van
Saxony's~Saxe de
uncultivated~inculte
Strasbourg's~STRASBOURG
hilly~vallonné
cytosine's~cytosine's
subbasements~soubassements
Cincinnati's~Années Cincinnati
impairs~altère
announces~annonce
Au~Au
disassociate~disassociate
softened~adouci
teds~teds
Brut's~Brut de
worker~ouvrier
investigates~Étudie
annulment~annulation
haematologic~haematologic
veto's~veto de
decadent~decadent
Babel~Babel
receipt~le reçu
drainboard's~drainboard's
slotting~rainurage
crimped~crimped
Nefertiti~Néfertiti
studio~studio
nosh's~Nosh de
adware~adware
muddy~boueux
grated~grated
diminutions~diminutions
Secretariat~Secrétariat
sunfish's~Années arlequin
doorkeepers~doorkeepers
Polk~Polk
handbrakes~handbrakes
scion~scion
Mandy's~Mandy
suzerain~suzerain
pergola's~pergola de
trawl~chalut
resoluteness~résolution
must's~doit est
tutorship~tutelle
radiologists~radiologues
lightheartedness~étourderie
earthwork's~earthwork's
fasting~fasting
quintupled~quintupler
helpless~sans espoir
Goff~Goff
chintzy~chintzy
Etruscan's~étrusque de
delicacies~delicacies
BP's~BP
cherished~chéris
rebellious~rebelle
Gondwanaland's~Gondwana de
uttered~proférée
exculpated~exculpated
bookshop~librairie
primate's~primate de
villa's~vILLAS
gabbling~gabbling
debit~debit
disposals~disposals
scapula's~de scapula
felons~felons
prosthesis's~prothèse de
varnishes~vernis
grandfatherly~grandfatherly
Nordic's~de Nordic
paediatrics~pédiatrie
Mn~mn
grumbler~grumbler
dynamically~dynamically
flippest~flippest
Vlad's~Vlad
shrew's~musaraigne de
prank's~polisson de
torch~torche
opinion~opinion
yelped~glapit
constricts~resserre
Elsinore~Elsinore
planed~rabotés
halfbacks~halfbacks
memorised~mémorisé
deconstructs~deconstructs
troubadour~troubadour
breakpoints~breakpoints
Alberto's~Alberto de
parterre's~de parterre
perjuring~parjurer
gilder~gilder
sibling's~frères et soeurs de
zoophyte~zoophytes
confused~confus
ageratum~ageratum
sideline~ligne de touche
Aventine~Aventin
taxman~percepteur
eleventh's~eleventh's
unmissed~unmissed
Megan's~Megan
USP~USP
Erebus~Erebus
guffaw's~guffaw's
extravehicular~extravehicular
policyholder~assuré
skyrocket~monter en flèche
coding~codage
paternoster's~Paternoster de
volcano~volcan
tocsin's~de tocsin
Popsicle's~Années Popsicle
promo's~promo de
etches~etches
unpropitious~impropice
cry's~cry's
tomfooleries~pitreries
lonesomeness's~de lonesomeness
hydroponics~hydroponique
bestow~donner
warden~directeur
filing's~filing's
Jenna's~Jenna
tideway's~Tideway de
reimposing~réimposer
jink~jink
Dresden~Dresde
titanium's~titane
debates~debates
whetstone's~Whetstone de
harmonious~harmonious
millennium's~millénaire de
cultivated~cultivated
McDowell's~McDowell
rationalisations~rationalisations
anger's~sa colère
ocker~ocker
rollerskating~Roller
framers~framers
porches~porches
Jaipur's~Jaipur de
Ralph~Ralph
Gingrich~Gingrich
semolina's~Années Semoule
lobe's~lobe de
Baals~baals
appreciably~sensiblement
retirement~retraite
theatres~théâtres
genially~genially
countervailing~countervailing
katydid~katydid
dybbuk's~dybbuk's
nu~nu
Merlin~Merlin
somewhats~somewhats
stretchering~brancardage
emanations~emanations
triumph~triomphe
Lolita~Lolita
indecorously~inconvenante
Oxnard's~oxnard de
chronograph~chronographe
drearily~drearily
Colt~Poulain
goalkeeper's~goalkeeper's
negotiators~Les négociateurs
midstream~midstream
minutia's~Années minuties
watchful~vigilant
washes~lavages
unprotected~sans défense
mnemonically~mnémotechnique
microgroove~microsillon
secondment~détachement
crew's~crew's
lectureship's~de lectureship
cubs~cubs
sequenced~séquencés
Donnie's~Donnie de
latter's~celui-ci de
purblind~obtus
fur's~fur's
Communion's~communion de
nominated~nommé
unfairer~unfairer
galore~galore
face's~face's
risks~risques
cribbing~cribbing
Linux's~de Linux
LPNs~infirmières auxiliaires
paddocking~parcage
moonscape's~Années paysage lunaire
dispensation~dispensation
witting~Witting
protege's~de protege
strummed~grattés
termination~Résiliation
federally~federally
haddock's~haddock's
squeakier~squeakier
bitchily~bitchily
reimbursements~remboursements
Campos's~Campos années
reviews~avis
apocalypse~apocalypse
mandala's~mandalas de
herdsman~berger
papyrus~papyrus
inebriating~enivre
twining~volubiles
conscience~conscience
heather's~Heather
scant~maigre
cinemas~cinémas
shews~shews
pierces~perfore
handstands~handstands
Shi'ite~chi'ite
wobbly~bancal
inboxes~boîtes de réception
advising~conseiller
minority's~minorité de
submicroscopic~inframicroscopique
dissection's~dissection's
envied~envied
skateboard's~planche à roulettes de
patron~mécène
aimless~sans but
fib's~fib's
Hittites~Hittites
Bulgarian's~de Bulgarie
contemptibly~contemptibly
deliberates~deliberates
falterings~falterings
druggie~druggie
pref~pref
fox's~fox's
creditworthiness~creditworthiness
retrofit~rénovation
deed~deed
curd~curd
profanity~impiété
consciences~consciences
orifice~orifice
nationalist~nationaliste
nutmeat's~écalées de
benchmark~référence
epigraph~epigraph
Rb~rb
Muscovite~Moscovite
meander's~méandre de
Xenia's~Xenia de
deforests~deforests
newsagents~marchands de journaux
prawn~crevette
patresfamilias~pères de famille
conjunctions~conjonctions
bishopric~évêché
anthologising~anthologising
delayer's~delayer's
resignation's~démission de
frock~frock
Staci's~Staci de
gasman~gasman
cudgel~cudgel
regressed~régresse
tromped~tromped
boogieman~Boogie Man
insobriety's~de intempérance
Narmada's~Narmada de
dishonour~dishonour
consults~consults
yr~an
homophobic~homophobe
Allie~Allie
Yucatan's~Yucatan de
discontinuations~discontinuations
ridgy~ridgy
Andrianampoinimerina's~Andrianampoinimerina de
disinfected~disinfected
Hopis~Hopis
macho's~macho
raving's~délire
Scorsese's~Scorsese
tangerines~mandarines
desertion's~desertion's
ejaculations~ejaculations
pathetically~pathétiquement
miscarrying~avorte,
Bohemian's~Bohême du
overprotect~surprotéger
personalising~personnalisant
theosophy~théosophie
pussycat's~de pussycat
teamster's~de charretier
allele's~allèle de
Chimera~Chimère
djellabas~djellabas
tourism's~du tourisme
nephrite's~Années néphrite
adjacency~proximité
Patagonian~patagonien
bandaging~bandage
Guadalajara~Guadalajara
clumsily~maladroitement
polymerising~polymérise
locoweed's~Années Locoweed
eulogies~eulogies
Commandment~Commandement
masqueraded~masqueradé
thermoplastics~thermoplastiques
chivies~chivies
rejoinder~réplique
gypster~gypster
sick~malade
plastic's~plastique de
cafeterias~cafétérias
Scott's~Scott
fallback~fallback
absorbency's~de la capacité d'absorption
morphs~morphes
lemming's~lemming de
corrosion~corrosion
ciphered~encrypté
stranger's~étrangers
intemperately~intempérante
bondman's~serf de
malleability's~de malléabilité
lithographically~lithographiques
playwright's~dramaturge de
drifters~drifters
operationally~sur le plan opérationnel
Edwina~Edwina
manifestation's~de manifestation
monotonic~monotones
bobbling~peluchage
rectifies~rectifie
Leopold's~Leopold
uncoil~se dérouler
Savannah~Savane
troubleshooters~dépannage
perpetuity~perpétuité
reminisces~remémore
Icarus's~Icare de
prohibition's~interdiction de
inefficient~inefficace
Changsha's~Changsha de
orchestration~orchestration
restudying~restudying
incarnate~incarner
ruckus~chahut
crankshaft's~crankshaft's
fug~fug
pickpocket's~de pickpocket
atmospheres~atmosphères
Padang~Padang
compactest~plus compact
nonnative~allochtone
cleat~taquet
faultfinder's~faultfinder's
Btu's~Btu
fixated~fixated
Ry~Ry
workingwoman's~de workingwoman
tautological~tautologique
rainwater~eau de pluie
uracil's~uracile de
dispute~dispute
dishonours~dishonours
asses~ânes
thermostat~thermostat
hesitancy's~de l'hésitation
Henri~Henri
smoothies~smoothies
forensics's~forensics's
mealymouthed~mealymouthed
Sarajevo's~Sarajevo de
objurgates~objurgates
Kroc's~Kroc de
outclass~surclasser
handset~handset
Cauchy's~Cauchy
outfits~tenues
hag's~hag's
moil~mohel
electroshock's~electroshock's
propulsion~propulsion
Shaka~Shaka
nests~nids
auctioned~vendu aux enchères
secrete~sécréter
whopper's~de Whopper
condoled~plaignit
victimising~victimaire
Gacrux~Gacrux
eta's~eta's
brig's~Brigue de
flowed~flowed
detachable~detachable
adjutant~adjudant
thronging~thronging
immanence's~immanence de
dearly~dearly
Caucasian's~de race blanche
theologically~théologiquement
wapiti's~Années wapiti
inherently~intrinsèquement
forever's~forever's
leeriest~leeriest
negativity~négativité
could've~could've
wastes~déchets
jihads~jihads
undivided~indivisé
astrophysics~astrophysique
neocon~néo-conservateurs
recuperation's~récupération de
taste~goût
nation~nation
cheerier~cheerier
primped~pomponné
vocally~vocalement
purer~plus purs
probity~probité
frogmen~frogmen
antibodies~anticorps
scripts~scripts
mansion~Manoir
elisions~elisions
hoofs~hoofs
cured~cured
barrage's~barrage de
scrutinised~scruté
commend~saluer
ecclesiastic~ecclesiastic
pentacle~pentacle
undersigned~soussigné
mausoleum~mausolée
temperance's~de la tempérance
sucker~ventouse
regularised~régularisé
Horn~Corne
exempt~exempt
supernovae~supernovae
rap~rap
Barbarossa~Barbarossa
Oceania~Océanie
Marxisms~marxismes
novelty~nouveauté
weds~weds
depositories~depositories
breakages~casses
Juneau~Juneau
Superfund's~Superfund
LP's~LP
Tutsi~Tutsi
cranium's~cranium's
skivvy~boniche
timed~chronométré
chicks~poussins
synchronisation~synchronisation
Shari's~Shari de
Asgard's~Asgard de
livability~habitabilité
Tagus~Tage
tract's~voies de
teacup's~tasse de thé de
plate~assiette
agriculturist~agriculteur
dockyards~dockyards
unmanly~lâche
mast~mât
birch~bouleau
Cheddar's~Cheddar de
Samoans~Samoans
seraphs~séraphins
distortion~distortion
clairvoyance's~de voyance
mandrill~mandrill
rededicating~engagent à nouveau
Hall's~salle de
Mogadishu's~Mogadiscio de
abbots~abbés
ploys~stratagèmes
surplussed~surplussed
peculiar~particulier
coadjutors~coadjuteurs
burlesqued~burlesque
obstructing~obstruant
camouflage's~camouflage de
Jamaica~Jamaïque
innervates~innerve
fussy~fussy
gape~gape
misapprehensions~méprises
Shantung's~shantung de
oversimplifies~une simplification à outrance
Walpurgisnacht~Walpurgisnacht
catered~traiteur
gallstone's~gallstone's
pummelled~matraqué
lobotomising~lobotomising
rosette~rosette
stab's~coup de couteau de
burlesque~burlesque
desultorily~desultorily
clerkship~externat
whiteboards~tableaux blancs
carry~porter
Pecos's~Années Pecos
basses~contrebasses
nonexchangeable~non échangeable
Arawakan~arawak
encapsulating~encapsulating
crowbar~crowbar
eclair's~eclair's
strumpet's~catin de
cotes~cotes
telegraphed~télégraphié
francium's~francium's
blench~sursauter
pyjamas's~pyjamas de
repeating's~de répéter
chewiest~chewiest
laconic~laconique
Rhea~Rhea
mage~mage
scarify~scarifier
tufter~tufter
elocution's~elocution's
totalisators~totalisateurs
litheness~souplesse
Rushdie's~Rushdie
herniating~hernie
bridesmaid~demoiselle d'honneur
auntie~tata
documentaries~documentaries
paucity's~manque de
lapboard's~de Lapboard
packinghouse~maison d'emballage
muddier~boueuse
gentries~gentries
spited~spited
specialists~spécialistes
grouping~grouping
deices~deices
Baden~Baden
startling~surprenant
sonny's~sonny de
gulp's~gulp's
shampooer's~de shampouineuse
Suzanne~Suzanne
grotty~grotty
netting~filets
scavenging~balayage
Pavlovian's~de Pavlov
Erlenmeyer's~Erlenmeyer de
bulldog~bouledogue
spymaster~spymaster
Fenian~fenian
companion~un compagnon
journeyers~journeyers
tubercle's~de tubérosité
venturesomely~venturesomely
troop's~troupes
Ave~Ave
seconding~détachante
heliport~héliport
executioner's~executioner's
Lebanon~Liban
honeydew~miellat
blowups~explosé
rebury~réensevelir
clone~cloner
line's~lignes
moderates~modère
dissembled~dissembled
stein's~stein de
Rutherford's~Rutherford
experiments~experiments
outstripping~surpassant
vim's~de vim
Schweitzer's~Schweitzer de
calcines~calcine
separation's~séparation de
mandrel~mandrin
bombast's~grandiloquence de
Yates~Yates
feeler~feeler
eradicate~eradicate
scratch's~rien de
antecedents~antécédents
bad's~mauvais de
buffalo~buffle
redemption~rachat
loganberry~Loganberry
pronouncing~prononçant
battalions~bataillons
disentanglement~disentanglement
empower~empower
navvies~terrassiers
healthiest~plus sain
repair's~réparations
leviathan~Léviathan
Arawak's~Arawak de
demolitions~demolitions
undersold~undersold
strategy's~La stratégie de
Amherst's~Amherst de
Akiva~Akiva
resizes~redimensionne
hectograms~hectogrammes
cubic~cubic
fustiness~fustiness
bed~lit
fornicator's~fornicator's
snick~petite entaille
tedious~fastidieux
profession~métier
pervasiveness~prégnance
esquire's~esquire's
Hasidim's~hassidim de
specialities~spécialités
infantryman~fantassin
thinned~amincie
trespass~intrusion
hurtling~dévaler
gleaner's~gleaner's
ghastliness's~ghastliness's
reactivate~réactiver
forgoer~forgoer
wipers~essuie-glaces
mystified~mystifié
outlives~survive
pathfinders~Pathfinders
inaugurates~inaugure
videocassettes~vidéocassette
spooks~Spooks
Bambi's~Bambi
enslavement's~enslavement's
dosses~dosses
snorers~ronfleurs
firebricks~firebricks
dipole~dipole
perpetual's~perpétuelle de
spaceports~spatioports
Assisi~Assise
nubbins~Nubbins
swordsman's~épéiste de
suppurate~suppurer
preschooler~enfant d'âge préscolaire
revaluation~réévaluation
virginal~virginal
beets~betteraves
Staples~Staples
telltale~témoin
invariability~invariabilité
Julio's~Julio
fascinating~fascinating
cruller~cruller
unable~incapable
Rick~Meule
scuffed~éraflé
amperes~ampères
venireman~venireman
gram~gram
jeweller~bijoutier
innately~naturellement
retrievals~récupérations
Kalamazoo's~Kalamazoo de
boorishly~boorishly
intermezzo~intermezzo
reties~renoue
resubscribed~réabonné
Lysenko's~Lyssenko de
Ontarian~ontarien
profitless~sans profit
undated~sans date
semblance~semblant
organising~organisation
enumerated~enumerated
fraying~fraying
MiG's~MiG de
reputedly~réputé
Apr's~APR
Watergate's~Watergate de
conservatoires~conservatoires
assessor's~assesseur
thoroughness~minutie
MB's~de MB
egging~egging
exhibiting~exhibiting
nondetachable~non amovible
spottier~sporadiques
Durex's~Durex de
wreaked~assouvi
enumerates~enumerates
aspartame's~l'aspartame de
Bobby's~Bobby
boinked~boinked
incunabulum's~incunable de
Enron's~Enron
crawdad's~crawdad's
Stout's~Stout
Lusitania's~Lusitania de
Che~Che
vacillation~hésitation
healthful~salubre
sexes~sexes
F's~Fs
Vermonters~Vermonters
routinely~de façon routinière
Buchanan~Buchanan
webisode's~de webisode
community's~communauté de
reminds~rappelle
passbooks~livrets d'épargne
aestheticism~esthétisme
Mercado~Mercado
disadvantage~disadvantage
tums~tums
avionic~avioniques
slackening~relâchement
busters~busters
interline~intercompagnies
bibliographies~bibliographies
implied~implicite
pops~pops
cauldron~chaudron
rioters~émeutiers
pericardial~péricardique
KB's~KB de
denier~denier
bongo's~bongo de
circumcision~circoncision
empiric~empiric
surrealists~surréalistes
isobars~isobares
bushellings~bushellings
bunny~lapin
dispensations~dispensations
vulcanisation~vulcanisation
cygnet~cygnet
wed~mer
Barbary~Barbarie
repudiation~répudiation
appreciation~appréciation
rumples~froisse
glimpsing~glimpsing
fielder~fielder
ohms~ohms
Flaubert's~Flaubert
toothless~édenté
redistricts~redistricts
metacarpal's~de métacarpienne
ironwork's~ferronnerie
writers~écrivains
company~compagnie
Maxine~Maxine
enclosure's~enclosure's
Lancashire~Lancashire
mischief~sottises
info~Info
huge~énorme
changer~échangeur
paellas~paellas
palace's~palais de
emigres~emigres
schoolchildren~écoliers
transverses~transverses
cir~cir
escapism's~escapism's
swishest~swishest
carnage~carnage
Hitachi~Hitachi
feverishness~feverishness
thermostatic~thermostatique
Amazon's~d'Amazon
Moiseyev's~Moïsseïev de
kinkiness's~kinkiness de
revocation's~la révocation de
encrypted~encrypted
dietary~dietary
conifers~conifères
improvisers~improvisateurs
farcically~farcically
tolerate~tolérer
Sawyer's~Sawyer
manifested~manifesté
reembodies~reembodies
chirography~chirography
second's~deuxième de
understand~comprendre
la~la
eulogiser~eulogiser
McMillan~McMillan
fuelled~fuelled
Yalta's~Yalta de
moorland~moorland
defeatism's~defeatism's
Wittgenstein~Wittgenstein
besieges~assiège
synfuels~combustibles synthétiques
honcho's~grand patron de
sarge's~sarge
phasing~élimination progressive
bristle~poil
midpoint~milieu
bunnies~Bunnies
shim~shim
apologia~apologie
fledglings~fledglings
dethronement~dethronement
awe's~la crainte de
romantically~romantique
antithetically~antithétique
allegorical~allégorique
Miltown's~Miltown de
Leta~Leta
ricotta~ricotta
Mir~Mir
residential~Résidentiel
unlacing~délacer
dispel~dispel
maimed~estropié
fixing~fixing
departed's~departed's
engrossment~engrossment
pulse~impulsion
docudramas~docudramas
teleprompter~prompteur
robberies~vols
reassuring~rassurant
airlifting~aérotransport
nae~Nae
Dobro~Dobro
beguine~biguine
crapping~crapping
rehab~désintox
gate~gate
Wood's~Les bois
Creon's~creon de
kinase~kinase
simperingly~minaudant
anthologise~anthologise
Boolean~Boolean
Gainsborough~Gainsborough
homey's~de homey
Danae's~Danae de
Guadalcanal~Guadalcanal
fellows~fellows
checkers~jeu de dames
wineglass~verre de vin
biofeedback~biofeedback
propellers~hélices
shirty~shirty
primitiveness's~de primitivité
throat's~gorge de
raspberries~framboises
cashback~Cashback
alienates~aliène
plagued~pestiférée
dudes~dudes
Lazarus's~Lazare de
egos~egos
swineherd's~de porcher
liken~assimiler
seasoned~chevronné
scows~gabares
looming~imminente
sorriness's~sorriness de
bassoon's~Bassoon de
Cellini's~Cellini de
pedestrianises~pedestrianises
foes~foes
Jidda's~Djedda de
traffics~trafics
italicisation's~italicisation de
backlog~arriéré
prescribing~prescription
emissary's~emissary's
chronicles~chroniques
dewdrop's~dewdrop's
bathroom's~salle de
surcingle's~surfaix de
Baptist's~baptiste
Procrustes~Procuste
sentiment's~sentiment de
muse's~muse
Azania~Azania
premeditates~prémédite
doomsday's~doomsday's
provocatively~provocante
disallow~disallow
chatters~chatteurs
epilogue's~epilogue's
shirtfront~plastron
frieze's~frieze's
reengaging~réengager
Crest's~Crest de
Kelvin's~Kelvin
unlicensed~sans licence
descriptiveness's~descriptiveness's
synfuel's~de carburant synthétique
excelled~excelled
soldier's~soldats
paralegal's~parajuriste
Clemenceau's~Clemenceau
bullock~bœuf
brained~cerveau
barometers~baromètres
muralist~muraliste
periphrastic~périphrastique
hallooing~hallooing
dykes~dykes
integrate~intégrer
carver's~de carver
avenue~rue
cowmen~cowmen
stumblers~stumblers
rising's~de la hausse
loggia's~loggia de
attractant~attractant
bassinets~moïses
fibula~fibula
garret's~garret's
fanatical~fanatical
Branch~Branche
scutcheon~Ecusson
polymerise~polymérisent
burp~rot
Felicity~Félicité
misstating~déformant
crimes~crimes
deeps~deeps
fennel's~fennel's
overture~ouverture
records~Enregistrements
harem's~harem's
hamlets~hamlets
numinous~numineux
samples~échantillons
Landry's~Landry
garishness~garishness
brewery's~brasserie de
misgovernment~misgovernment
kit~trousse
Stoics~stoïciens
opportunity~opportunité
leitmotif~leitmotif
iceberg's~iceberg de
consternation's~la consternation de
proscribing~proscrivant
ultramarine's~ultramarine de
factory~factory
tickers~tickers
Montanan~Montanan
lethargic~léthargique
evolutionist's~evolutionist's
ponderously~pesamment
anxiety~anxiété
fealty~fealty
compared~par rapport
Anshan~Anshan
soulmate~âme sœur
Ferber's~Ferber de
meniscus's~ménisque de
pavlovas~pavlovas
Dundee~Dundee
hairband~hairband
ventilator's~ventilateur de
litigiousness's~de judiciarisation
multiplicands~multiplicandes
futures~futures
nighttime's~nuit de
cray~cray
geyser~geyser
didactic~didactic
forelimb~forelimb
Maritain's~Maritain de
straws~pailles
healthily~sainement
artiest~artiest
replays~replays
whinnied~hennit
cenotaph~cénotaphe
canned~en conserve
caner's~caner de
Birkenstock's~Birkenstock
bruins~bruins
mollycoddling~chouchoutage
Reynaldo~Reynaldo
who've~qui ont
Missouri's~Missouri en
swankest~swankest
Nagoya~Nagoya
oratorio~oratorio
carouse~ribote
overheads~frais généraux
spurs~éperons
huarache~huarache
maim~mutiler
prohibitionist~prohibitionniste
atrocity~atrocité
childlike~puéril
pamphlet~brochure
gonks~gonks
daffodils~daffodils
letdowns~déceptions
dualism~dualism
phenomena~phénomènes
tinnitus's~acouphènes de
rests~repose
organisers~les organisateurs
nasalisation~nasalisation
Valarie's~Valarie de
chanter's~Années Aède
graphic~graphic
Lister~Lister
goblet's~goblet's
deleveraging~deleveraging
incubus~incube
disobediently~disobediently
stump's~de souche
malinger~simuler la maladie
cablecasting~distribution par câble
mangler~mangler
Marxist~marxiste
fabricators~fabricators
bucketful~bucketful
windbreakers~coupe-vent
auditioning~auditionner
result~résultat
omnipotence's~omnipotence de
Netherlands~Pays-Bas
ataxics~ataxiques
beguilingly~trompeusement
Grenoble's~Grenoble de
horsewhipped~cravaché
bailouts~plans de sauvetage
bemired~bemired
scoop~scoop
many~beaucoup
fooling~fooling
sunburn's~les coups de soleil de
Revlon's~revlon de
aneurysm's~anévrisme de
Kirk's~Kirk
symbiosis's~symbiose de
trilobite's~trilobite de
Antonia~Antonia
scythe's~scythe de
tributes~hommages
membranes~membranes
Abelson's~Abelson de
Pushkin's~Pouchkine
supererogation's~surérogatoire de
Sydney's~Sydney de
Limbaugh~Limbaugh
seafloor~fond marin
inhalator's~inhalator de
powwowing~powwowing
Montpelier's~Montpelier de
irenic~irénique
indemnifies~dédommage
Jilin's~Jilin de
insurance's~de l'assurance
logarithm~logarithme
fortuitous~fortuitous
keyboardist's~claviériste de
summered~summered
bigotry~bigoterie
beeswax's~la cire d'abeille de
dribbler's~dribbler's
fut~fut
function~function
alters~alters
Pythias's~Années Pythias
divines~divines
fluoroscope~fluoroscope
viably~de manière viable
tapelines~tapelines
nonjudicial~non judiciaire
squabble~querelle
gyving~gyving
monies~argent
riverboat~bateau mouche
daisy~daisy
wiriness's~installation électrique de
warthogs~phacochères
nineteens~Nineteens
insinuated~insinué
serigraphs~sérigraphies
rejects~rejette
mighty~puissant
Federalist's~fédéraliste de
capstan's~cabestan de
slaloming~slalomer
unusable~inutilisable
behind's~qui se cache derrière
imitativeness's~de mimétisme
Si~Si
statute~loi
woollens~lainages
intricacy's~de intrication
anecdote~anecdote
Thursday~Jeudi
unbalanced~déséquilibré
wantonness's~dissolutions de
Capitols~Capitols
Baker's~Baker
lachrymose~morne
hurtle~se ruer
antarctic~antarctique
Delawarean's~Années Delawarean
amulet's~amulette de
deterrent~deterrent
immolating~immolant
phonographic~phonographique
chicness~chicness
Franck's~Franck
regaling~régalait
rating~évaluation
brooklets~ruisselets
folder's~folder's
Dominic's~Dominic
Baluchistan's~Baloutchistan de
bulbs~bulbes
aftermarkets~l'après-vente
Rostov's~Rostov de
Wolfgang's~Wolfgang de
switchboards~tableaux de distribution
hiragana~hiragana
chalk~craie
HQ's~QG
oeuvre's~oeuvre de
pigpen~porcherie
breakup~rompre
properties~Propriétés
counterpane's~counterpane's
tyranny~tyrannie
outta~outta
junketeers~junketeers
spit~cracher
belonging's~affaires
manorial~seigneurial
Rosecrans's~Années Rosecrans
elided~elided
Seattle~Seattle
strainer~passoire
usually~d'habitude
decorously~decorously
included~inclus
conflations~amalgames
enfeeble~enfeeble
seedlings~semis
Ampere's~Ampère
honky~honky
overcast~couvert
heirlooms~objets de famille
swaybacked~ensellé
Chrysostom's~Chrysostome de
Betty~Betty
savages~sauvages
pullet~poulette
advocacy's~Le rôle sensibilisateur
sexism~le sexisme
staffing~recrutement
rime~rime
secretariat's~secrétariat de
tattier~tattier
society~société
heedlessness~étourderie
coalescent~coalescent
riverfront~bord du fleuve
Villarreal~Villarreal
exoskeletons~exoskeletons
phones~Téléphones
kipper~kipper
batter~Battre
rpm~rpm
consistencies~consistances
motorway's~autoroute de
toxicological~toxicologique
bonfires~feux de joie
fashionista~fashionista
honks~klaxonne
pastorates~pastorats
Uranus~Uranus
forgives~forgives
Bonaventure~Bonaventure
CPA~CPA
loveys~Loveys
classicist's~de classiciste
joggle~légère secousse
just~juste
skulduggery~skulduggery
jinni's~djinn de
undulation's~de ondoiement
closet~placard
gabbiest~gabbiest
cunts~cunts
librarian~bibliothécaire
battlefront~battlefront
joiner~menuisier
obsessiveness's~de obsessiveness
McCarthyism~maccarthysme
woodcuts~xylographies
authorisation's~autorisation de
Galileans~Galiléens
consenting~consentant
flailed~flailed
hippy~hippie
boarding~embarquement
motioning~signe
Tiresias's~Années Tiresias
uncapping~débouchage
taught~enseigné
ligature's~ligatures de
thoraxes~thorax
brainiest~brainiest
bog~tourbière
greened~greened
trenches~tranchées
ineducable~inéducable
hustlers~hustlers
dwindling~dwindling
dded~dded
reproducer~reproducteur
violists~altistes
choppily~choppily
Pentecost~Pentecôte
headsman~bourreau
landfalls~atterrages
Skype's~Skype de
Irvine's~Irvine de
niches~niches
sanctioning~sanctionnant
awfullest~awfullest
chintziest~chintziest
Jurua~Jurua
typologies~typologies
valour~valeur
stimulative~stimulatrice
matrons~matrones
politics's~Années politique
inactivates~inactive
bluesiest~bluesiest
chemurgy's~Chemurgy de
gurgling~gurgling
taffies~caramels
twiddled~se tournait
counterpoise's~counterpoise's
moniker~moniker
fantasised~fantasised
beetled~beetled
boycott~boycotter
Tesla~Tesla
scooting~scooting
Zurich's~ZURICHOISE
packers~emballeurs
hotelier's~hotelier de
annealing~recuit
ragout's~ragoût de
greps~greps
balsams~baumes
roughens~frottant la
monoplane~monoplan
bobwhite's~colin de
hiccups~hoquet
outlet's~prises électriques
wretchedness~misère
overpay~surpayer
unmistakable~indubitable
Bertillon~Bertillon
soy's~soja de
unnaturalness's~anormalité de
Justine~Justine
unsoundness's~inconsistance de
beekeepers~apiculteur
pauperises~pauperises
clergywoman~clergywoman
forages~forages
deathwatch's~deathwatch's
speedways~speedways
divided~divided
legume~légumineuse
depressor's~depressor's
principalities~principautés
unmentionable~inavouable
eucalypti~eucalypti
ramrod's~Années Ramrod
undertake~entreprendre
pothooks~pothooks
probing~sondage
spoof's~spoof de
Mayra's~Mayra de
reconsideration's~réexamen de
sophistication's~la sophistication de
bromine~brome
trappable~trappable
diddler's~diddler's
bates~bates
boot's~bottes
Trajan's~Trajan de
workmanship~maîtrise
adventurous~aventureux
valedictories~valedictories
Tanzanian~tanzanien
Tia~Tia
cyberbullies~cyberbullies
tunefulness's~de tunefulness
Iran's~Iran
eventfulness~eventfulness
believes~croit
containing~containing
Marquita's~Marquita de
organisation's~organisation de
engineer's~engineer's
contingency~contingency
creole~creole
bicuspids~prémolaires
Oran~Oran
peskiest~les plus irritants
sight~vue
traducer's~calomniateur de
Tobit~Tobie
lather~mousse
Shintoism's~de shintoïsme
monkeyed~monkeyed
beatify~béatifier
jerkiest~jerkiest
geopolitics's~geopolitics's
emigrates~emigrates
reporter's~journaliste de
Ruthie's~Ruthie de
improves~améliore
fandom~fandom
conger~congre
epidermic~epidermic
provability's~prouvabilité de
Alderamin's~Alderamin de
teemed~grouillait
turf's~du gazon
parallelism~parallélisme
Macedonians~Macédoniens
Gandhi~Gandhi
arthropod's~arthropode de
set~ensemble
scooped~évidé
gyration~gyration
ticking~tic-tac
Burr's~Burr de
epithet's~epithet's
nightspots~nocturne
equivocate~equivocate
squeaked~grincé
Warhol~Warhol
jennets~genêts
gavel's~gavel's
outworkers~façonniers
Cyclopes~Cyclopes
hoaxers~farceurs
topographies~topographies
mugfuls~mugfuls
armhole~emmanchure
plaque~plaque
reiterates~rappelle
chameleon's~caméléon de
clamberer's~clamberer de
Selznick's~Selznick de
prehistorical~préhistorique
rear~arrière
katydid's~katydid de
Petrarch's~Pétrarque
trap~piège
clammier~clammier
Sharpe~Sharpe
circumcision's~la circoncision de
Leoncavallo~Leoncavallo
fr~fr
runners~coureurs
uniform's~uniforme de
cockiest~cockiest
trajectory's~de trajectoire
milker's~trayeur de
Parsons~Parsons
incompetence's~l'incompétence de
manifestly~manifestement
strawed~vanné
relaunch's~relancement de
Job's~Emplois
freewill~freewill
USIA~USIA
voltaic~voltaïque
misdiagnosing~erreurs de diagnostic
gash~gash
weightlifting's~de haltérophilie
Safeway's~Safeway
Becquerel~Becquerel
rumination~rumination
convergent~convergent
constrains~contraintes
entitles~entitles
transgression~transgression
overwrite~écraser
writhe~se tordre
philologist~philologue
ululate~hululer
replicas~les répliques
preludes~préludes
nonslip~antiglisse
slovenliness's~malpropreté de
subsoil's~le sous-sol de
Salyut's~Salyut de
hamstrung~hamstrung
toxin's~toxine de
nonfood's~Années non alimentaires
vertex~sommet
pacification's~de pacifier
jardiniere's~jardinière de
auguster~auguster
whoosh~whoosh
emphasised~emphasised
speakeasy's~speakeasy de
kookiness's~kookiness de
Nagpur~Nagpur
snowboarders~snowboarders
permanents~permanents
Allah's~Allah
Cowley's~Cowley de
He~Il
oversee~superviser
disinflation's~disinflation's
broadband~large bande
Afr~Afr
album's~album de
pitiful~pitoyable
assessor~assesseur
whee~whee
braininess's~de cérébralité
Murat's~Murat
dividend's~dividend's
leadership~direction
ethnographer~ethnographer
baguette~baguette
hon~L'honorable
Tucker~fichu
transmogrifying~transmogrifying
dirties~dirties
Narmada~Narmada
mien~mine
blurs~brouille
soakings~soakings
internees~internées
malcontent~mécontent
can~pouvez
clipping's~de coupure
tong~tong
protective~protecteur
Hohhot's~Hohhot de
small~petit
altruist~altruiste
Jeremy's~Jeremy de
carts~chariots
martyrdom's~le martyre de
beak's~bec de
Reginald~Reginald
dioramas~dioramas
transcendentalist's~de transcendantalisme
grille's~grille's
anthropologists~anthropologues
Seymour's~Seymour de
freezer~freezer
repairer's~réparateur de
vent's~vent de
noontime's~midi de
Yahoo~Yahoo
capably~hábilmente
Rhone~Rhône
Madonna~Madone
Josie~Josie
Dreiser's~Dreiser de
heatwaves~vagues de chaleur
catatonic's~de catatoniques
encore's~encore's
punctilio~punctilio
ducal~ducal
Josephson~Josephson
healthfully~healthfully
Hibernia's~Hibernia de
examiners~examiners
leering~reluquer
signets~chevalières
barbels~barbeaux
dbl~dbl
bedsides~chevets
grimness's~grimness's
unwrinkled~unwrinkled
aloft~en haut
currying~currying
initiate~lancer
layovers~layovers
nominatives~nominatives
immaturity's~de l'immaturité
blubber~chialer
shuffler's~Batteur de
culvert's~culvert's
sheepdog~chien de berger
wings~ailes
Lippi's~Lippi
Dusty's~Dusty
rethink's~repenser son
blurted~laissé échapper
Blake's~Blake
vituperate~vitupérer
splurged~gaspillés
Renee's~Renee de
ascertain~vérifier
obscurantism's~de l'obscurantisme
cunning~cunning
flagrant~flagrant
initiator~initiateur
overthink~overthink
lazies~lazies
harmonisers~harmonisers
Constantinople's~Constantinople de
shindig's~nouba de
Emily's~Emily
quadrupling~quadruplement
noways~aucune façon
shades~nuances
hullabaloos~charivaris
Salk~Salk
transmittable~transmissible
tenderloin~filet
ceca~caecum
Ramada's~Ramada de
stallholder~stallholder
hawker~colporteur
filename~filename
participle~participe
rifling~la spoliation
deadlocked~deadlocked
stutter's~bégayer de
lamplighters~allumeurs
protectionism~protectionnisme
jewelling~empierrage
grid's~grid's
warlocks~démonistes
transfusing~transfuser
masher's~masher de
resit~repasser
Huguenots~Huguenots
Hebe's~Hebe de
accused~accusé
Lu's~Lu
Guiana~Guyanes
ovenbirds~Paruline couronnée
kookiest~kookiest
suitable~adapté
bloodletting's~de saignées
inequality~inégalité
linkmen~linkmen
shambling~traînante
empirical~empirical
serially~en série
nuttiness's~de nuttiness
conception~conception
associations~les associations
chilblain~engelure
Valentin~Valentin
roadside~bord de la route
Herakles's~Herakles de
sister's~sœurs
yields~rendements
necromancer~nécromancien
safeguards~garanties
chilled~glacé
hoe~houe
ringworm's~de teigne
Midas~Midas
blackjacks~blackjacks
nonworking~ne fonctionne pas
distorted~distorted
fish~fish
coordinators~coordinators
presidencies~présidences
sassafrases~sassafrases
voicelessness's~voicelessness de
lamb~agneau
motherfucker's~enculé de
tautologous~tautologique
interviewers~enquêteurs
seismographer's~sismographe de
wobblier~wobblier
clatter's~de tintamarre
chalky~crayeux
probabilities~probabilités
impoverishes~appauvrit
Hindu's~hindou
Fuji~Fuji
inkblot's~de tache d'encre
averred~avéré
bunchier~bunchier
Dixieland's~Dixieland de
dippiest~dippiest
mended~réparé
facial~facial
contest's~contest's
uranium~uranium
elms~elms
lost~perdu
Millard~Millard
convener~convener
deity's~deity's
alleys~ruelles
educable~educable
shivers~frisson
Kali~Kali
handily~handily
slagheap~terril
aeronautic~aéronautique
counting~counting
wetness's~de moiteur
climatic~climatique
Es~Es
cord~cord
search~chercher
Jarvis~Jarvis
generalisation's~generalisation's
coordinate~coordinate
shantytown's~bidonvilles
seltzer's~Seltzer de
aardvarks~oryctéropes
provide~fournir
nought's~rien de
zilch's~Années zilch
Promethean~Promethean
disbelievingly~disbelievingly
tribe's~tribus
handwriting~handwriting
sandbagging~sandbagging
blemishes~imperfections
butterfingers's~Années Butterfingers
hotfooted~hotfooted
searcher~chercheur
unsupportable~unsupportable
brights~Brights
phonics's~de phoniques
magician~magicien
prolapses~prolapsus
yourselves~vous-mêmes
eyelash's~eyelash's
centralising~centralisateur
tactlessly~tactlessly
brainwave~brainwave
disembarks~disembarks
Tyree~Tyree
ayah~Ayah
beluga~béluga
bluntness~manque de tranchant
cleanup's~de nettoyage
fullness~fullness
xx~xx
Norway's~Norvège de
versifiers~versificateurs
Bactria~Bactriane
exaggeration's~exaggeration's
Isabel~Isabel
polarise~polariser
Riefenstahl~Riefenstahl
earldom~earldom
Hamitic~Hamitic
fungus~fungus
annexes~Annexes
blintze's~blintze de
consecrates~Consacrés
costuming~costuming
spectrum's~spectre de
lintier~Lintier
discus's~discus's
jeeps~jeeps
remarking~remarquer
chucking~serrage
chef's~le chef de
recheck~revérifier
telly~télé
bribery~corruption
accompanying~accompagnement
duenna~duenna
portioning~portionner
Lillian~Lillian
coachman's~de cocher
trammel~entraver
Velez's~Velez de
unpolitical~impolitique
sabot~sabot
Fabian's~Fabian de
letterhead's~tête de
bougainvillea~bougainvilliers
grosser~grosser
fob's~fob's
pentameter's~Années pentamètre
Woodstock~Woodstock
singlet~maillot
Herrera~Herrera
stadium~stade
passivisation~passivation
thickly~couche épaisse
musicals~comédies musicales
coeducational~coéducationnel
butterscotch's~butterscotch de
belles~belles
downy~downy
Chekhovian~tchékhovienne
Frigga's~Frigga de
collapsed~s'est effondré
gazump~gazump
merchants~marchands
corkers~corkers
reorganise~réorganiser
address's~adresse de
amiable~aimable
kickoff~démarrer
wryer~wryer
diary's~diary's
stalemate's~impasse de
individualise~individualiser
indigent~indigent
cacophonies~cacophonies
quake~trembler
Galois's~Galois de
discounters~discounters
unrecognisable~méconnaissable
unhitch~dételer
oodles's~Années Oodles
dryness's~dryness's
merchant~marchande
Requiems~Requiems
twiddles~twiddles
multiverses~multivers
angelical~angélique
crikey~crikey
dipso~dipso
agony's~agonie de
Shasta~Shasta
shinned~shinned
bruiting~bruiting
cauterisation's~cautérisation de
circumvented~contournée
rabbinic~rabbinique
establishes~establishes
shaven~rasé
Xanadu~Xanadu
printmaking~gravure
appraise~évaluer
Jarlsberg's~jarlsberg de
wiki's~wikis
cheering~applaudissement
bespangles~bespangles
Donnell's~Donnell de
Ono~Ono
convexity~convexity
victimises~victimise
uncontrollably~de façon incontrôlable
long's~longues années
phonologically~phonologique
positioned~positionné
unattributed~non attribué
scrape's~éraflure de
nonstriking~nonstriking
Irma~Irma
chairwomen~présidentes
distending~distending
spry~alerte
Jap's~Années Jap
scandalmonger~mauvaise langue
orchard's~verger de
attrition~usure
inspirational~source d'inspiration
hitch's~attelage de
starry~étoilé
Dunedin's~Dunedin de
paradisaical~paradisaical
authorised~autorisé
presumptive~présomptif
pinata~pinata
reprisal~représailles
brace~entretoise
dismember~dismember
unreliability~manque de fiabilité
stumble's~de Stumble
clowns~clowns
surfboard's~planche de surf de
forger's~forger's
footwork~footwork
GPS~GPS
kohlrabi~chou-rave
screw's~des vis
comment's~commentaires
rustlings~bruissements
Jacobin~jacobin
Slovenians~Slovènes
delving~delving
volt's~volt de
aboriginal~Aborigène
orthodontic~orthodontique
petroleum~pétrole
swimsuits~maillots de bain
linseed's~lin de
zymurgy's~zymurgy de
Triassic's~Trias de
fending~fending
Meiji~Meiji
titans~titans
coefficient's~coefficient de
equipage's~equipage's
zonally~zonale
final's~final's
recliners~inclinables
dilapidation~dilapidation
Saracens~Saracens
tobogganed~tobogganed
sashay~sashay
septal~septale
uncrowned~uncrowned
sclerotic~sclérotique
muskoxen~bœufs musqués
cheeked~cheeked
supranational~supranationale
hemorrhoid's~les hémorroïdes
thieving~voleur
shuffle~battage
overburdened~surchargée
vernacular~vernaculaire
healing~guérison
doctrine's~doctrine's
Richthofen~Richthofen
pelf~lucre
Stout~bière
magistracy's~de la magistrature
puncture's~perforation de
wrest's~arracher de
thickened~épaissi
hangman's~hangman's
pickiest~pickiest
trench~tranchée
purl's~Purl de
raillery's~de raillerie
yttrium~yttrium
blistery~blistery
evacuation~evacuation
Chevrolet's~de Chevrolet
coauthor's~co-auteur de
malachite~malachite
blastoffs~blastoffs
uphills~uphills
clairvoyant's~de clairvoyantes
wisdom's~La sagesse de
Pincus~Pincus
arsenals~arsenaux
palled~palled
syringe~seringue
loamiest~loamiest
geocache~geocache
unfruitful~infructueux
Sejong~Sejong
bus~autobus
asset~atout
berrying~berrying
blunting~émousser
stand~supporter
telephony's~la téléphonie de
harem~harem
Britons~Britanniques
tonne's~tonne de
barebacked~Barebacked
girlfriends~girlfriends
mislabelling~erreur d'étiquetage
apish~de singe
embarkations~embarkations
erratum's~erratum's
hitching~attelage
former's~former's
circuity~circuity
Hydra~Hydre
Nelson's~NELSON
chlorinate~chlorer
parmigiana~parmigiana
irateness~irateness
harrumphing~harrumphing
levelling~aplanissement
handrail~handrail
renumbers~renumérote
fjords~fjords
wheel's~roues
remelted~refondu
sandpipers~bécasseaux
precociousness~precociousness
smartypants~smartypants
protruded~saillie
unworthiness's~indignité de
bulgiest~bulgiest
slushiest~slushiest
controller~controller
Eden's~Eden de
milliard~milliard
dermatology's~dermatology's
Mackinaw~Mackinaw
psychotic~psychotique
rink's~patinoire de
flue's~flue's
Oaxaca~Oaxaca
site's~des sites
lonesomeness~lonesomeness
watched~regardé
visible~visible
genitals's~genitals's
SC~Caroline du Sud
hale~hale
waited~attendu
soaks~imbibe
Alyssa~Alyssa
remove~retirer
undresses~dévêt
Gwyn's~Gwyn de
slink~se glisser
benumbing~engourdir
sinner~pécheur
necrotic~nécrotique
diffusive~diffusive
seductions~séductions
Imhotep's~Imhotep de
mills~moulins
goers~goers
portmanteaus~portemanteau
neurologist's~neurologue de
constituency's~circonscription de
Thalia's~Thalia de
upraised~upraised
sonar~sonar
airliner~avion de ligne
copulation's~copulation's
misstep~faux pas
cards~cartes
masseuse~masseuse
perceived~perçue
Robbin~Robbin
perplexes~déconcerte
rethink~repenser
unscramble~déchiffrer
spacewalk~sortie dans l'espace
homebody's~de casanier
jovial~jovial
martini's~Martini
affront~affront
rutabaga's~Années rutabaga
honourableness~honorabilité
unbars~unbars
sovereign~souverain
distinctness~distinctness
departmentalise~departmentalise
chess's~échecs de
dolmen~dolmen
Adidas's~adidas
task's~les tâches
antimicrobial~antimicrobiens
reputations~réputation
Donahue's~Donahue de
Yucatan~Yucatan
compare~comparer
eschewed~eschewed
asininely~asininely
sleepovers~sleepovers
wearisome~ennuyeux
dopa's~dopa's
Henri's~Henri de
overcompensating~surcompensation
chapping~gerçures
interviewees~personnes interrogées
invoked~invoqué
Tropicana~Tropicana
errand's~errand's
execution's~execution's
biers~biers
cerebrovascular~vasculaire cérébral
ruddier~plus rouge
nitrocellulose's~Années nitrocellulose
slipping~glissement
distaff~distaff
naffer~naffer
PET's~Animaux domestiques
transform~transformer
besom~balai de bouleau
champ~Champ
crabber's~crabber's
warship~navire de guerre
weatherperson~weatherperson
Kirghizia~Kirghizia
eclectically~eclectically
carat's~carat de
globalists~globalists
opiate's~opiacé de
inters~inters
laywoman's~de femme laïque
hazard~danger
whitewalls~murs blancs
carjacker~carjacker
recalled~a rappelé
Fourneyron's~Fourneyron de
confederating~confédérer
bilinguals~bilingues
pleasure's~les plaisirs
dollhouse~dollhouse
quirk~bizarrerie
impassively~impassiblement
stewardess~hôtesse
insightful~perspicace
Junkers~Junkers
cygnet's~cygnet's
reformation's~Réforme de
ingested~ingérée
cowherds~cowherds
Baywatch's~Alerte à Malibu de
Carolinian's~carolinienne de
mag~mag
informers~délateurs
thrum's~thrum de
size's~taille de
voicemail~messagerie vocale
unrefined~non raffiné
Ziploc's~Ziploc de
doctored~doctored
calabash~calebasse
specks~mouchetures
lanthanum's~lanthane de
lithium~lithium
Thunderbird's~Thunderbird de
Grenadines~Grenadines
proselytise~faire du prosélytisme
forthrightness~forthrightness
unnerves~Démobilise
Republican's~républicain de
forbearing~forbearing
LLB's~LLB de
resentfulness~resentfulness
pundit~expert
parolee~en liberté conditionnelle
bindweed's~Années liseron
Lisbon~Lisbonne
slayers~Slayers
magnanimity's~de magnanimité
groveling~groveling
abattoir's~abattoir de
warlike~guerrier
magazine's~les magazines
videotaping~enregistrement vidéo
proletarian~prolétarien
homemaker~ménagère
miniaturisation's~miniaturisation de
viticulturist~viticultrice
fragiler~fragiler
guttering~guttering
reprice~retarifer
designing~designing
sequence~séquence
leavening's~de levante
are's~sont de
demitasse~demitasse
hopscotching~hopscotching
milkers~trayeurs
leaking~fuite
remould~refaçonner
cnidarian~cnidarian
inflects~infléchit
size~Taille
Quinn's~Quinn
noblewoman's~de noblewoman
zenith's~zénith de
dishabille~dishabille
gloppy~gloppy
stamp's~timbres
targeted~ciblée
summitry~rencontres au sommet
endeavouring~endeavouring
Precambrian's~Précambrien de
seduce~séduire
Malacca's~Malacca de
scagged~scagged
graybeards~graybeards
jeep~jeep
quiche~Quiche
rived~Rived
freighter~freighter
comet~comète
emotively~emotively
terrors~terreurs
saxifrage~saxifrage
foolishly~foolishly
Baxter's~Baxter
sheaths~gaines
garfish~garfish
gunman's~gunman's
sturdier~robuste
bur~bardane
sanitarium's~de sanatorium
annelid~annélide
Guinean's~guinéenne de
helves~helves
amerces~amerces
amaryllises~amaryllis
denouement's~denouement's
cuisine~cuisine
fortes~fortes
adhesiveness's~de adhésivité
acidity's~l'acidité de
swine's~porcs de
exclamations~exclamations
closets~placards
oscilloscopes~oscilloscopes
overturns~renversements
peepers~quinquet
mailing's~de diffusion
Principe~Principe
hucksters~colporteurs
snuffer~éteignoir
Elizabethans~Elizabethans
institutionalises~institutionnalise
restated~retraité
papooses~papooses
dustmen~dustmen
unblocked~débloquée
old's~vieux de
confidant's~confidente de
gondolas~gondolas
oval~ovale
sassed~sassed
distally~distally
emigration's~emigration's
irresolute~irrésolu
gatherers~gatherers
Judson's~Judson de
armrest's~accoudoir de
graveyard's~graveyard's
terminal's~borne de
cartridge's~cartouche de
Bundestag~Bundestag
cornstarch~cornstarch
Aggie~Aggie
Lucifer~Lucifer
coupling's~coupling's
cockcrows~cockcrows
debasement~debasement
nobody~personne
commercial's~publicités
impudently~impudemment
burst~éclater
Connors~Connors
resists~résiste
cattle~bétail
dynamites~dynamites
Bhopal~Bhopal
frequenting~frequenting
canes~cannes
sir's~monsieur de
sidestep~éviter
parliament~parlement
conjugally~conjugalement
breastfeed~allaiter
embassies~embassies
CID~CID
aquarium~aquarium
blowjob's~pipe de
footballs~footballs
fructified~fructified
Debby's~Debby de
rheumatoid~rhumatoïde
hyenas~hyène
Margarito's~Margarito de
chicanery's~chicaneries de
autonomic~autonomique
audiovisuals~documents audiovisuels
retrofires~retrofires
scrumptiously~scrumptiously
disconsolately~disconsolately
interlinings~entoilages
queasily~queasily
rubes~rubes
navigational~navigation
mobster's~de gangster
softener's~adoucisseur de
Benson~Benson
appeased~apaisant
Bentham~Bentham
penmen~penmen
descaling~descaling
balderdash~balivernes
polythene~polythène
Marat~Marat
lispers~lispers
sombreness~obscurité
blackballs~blackballs
creamier~creamier
pane~vitre
sentry~sentinelle
faultier~faultier
sellout's~à guichets fermés de
gaberdine~gaberdine
metalwork~métallerie
coheir~cohéritier
rocketing~tirs de roquettes
centenaries~centenaires
relaxer's~de défrisage
aerator's~aérateur de
unbelief~incrédulité
antisepsis~antisepsie
freestone's~freestone's
Pamela's~Pamela
logical~logique
pulsation~pulsation
polymorphic~polymorphique
knockwursts~knockwursts
checkbox~case à cocher
psychopathic~psychopathique
laze's~lézarder de
jellyfish~méduse
buzzer~avertisseur sonore
zinging~zinging
epsilons~epsilons
meddles~ingère
wackest~wackest
zinfandel~Zinfandel
Yules~Yules
henchman~acolyte
housebreaking~cambriolage
bullshitting~bullshitting
located~situé
Boyer~Boyer
professionalism~professionnalisme
irritating~irritant
monomaniac~monomaniaque
complexions~carnations
amoeba's~Années amibes
tripe's~de tripe
inelegant~inélégant
cassettes~cassettes
Antioch~Antioche
cornstalks~cornstalks
transgenic~transgénique
marzipan~Massepain
rotors~rotors
insolvency's~L'insolvabilité du
send~envoyer
vita~vita
motorcades~cortèges
homering~homering
ouzo's~ouzo de
microscopic~microscopique
roof~toit
massif's~massif de
ions~ions
solution~Solution
exp~exp
microelectronics's~de la microélectronique
ruffly~ruffly
rocker's~rocker de
perjury~parjure
singers~chanteurs
noonday~midi
Stendhal's~Stendhal
indecisive~indécis
intercultural~interculturel
strident~strident
pronghorns~Pronghorns
Hokkaido~Hokkaido
frankfurters~frankfurters
houris~houris
charladies~charladies
post's~des postes
rads~rads
blenched~blêmit
Alnitak's~Alnitak de
constrained~contraint
relations~rapports
forlorn~forlorn
aisle~rayon
Hawkins's~Hawkins de
handmaid~handmaid
Angela~Angela
battling~aux prises
guillotining~guillotining
demitasses~demitasses
orthopaedist~orthopédiste
Southerner~sudiste
cadaverous~cadavérique
conformed~conformez
chivying~chivying
strikebreaker~briseur de grève
IRC~IRC
adventure's~aventures
Jordan's~Jordan
carousel's~carrousel de
alloyed~allié
baptism~Baptême
sailboard's~de planche à voile
bouillon~bouillon
adventure~aventure
Hellenes~Hellènes
delineate~delineate
Essex~Essex
sealed~scellé
rumbling's~de gronder
jacket's~vESTE
fiefdoms~fiefdoms
appraised~évalué
tacitly~tacitement
bridleways~bridleways
lilting~cadencé
owes~le doit
lionhearted~Lionhearted
waver~vaciller
snowboard's~planche à neige pour
leeway~dérive
altruism~altruisme
fossilise~fossilise
Bryan~Bryan
weightlifter~weightlifter
trailed~traînés
tumidity's~tumidity de
sights~spectacles
payslip's~Années bulletin de salaire
Col's~Col
ethnocentrism~ethnocentrism
xylene~xylène
births~naissances
homosexuality's~son homosexualité
impanel~impanel
Dzungaria's~Années Dzoungarie
McFadden's~McFadden de
sedately~pondérément
Cooper~Tonnelier
electrifier's~electrifier's
formative~formative
carcinogen~substance cancérigène
roughnecks~Roughnecks
threnody's~mélopée de
equaliser's~equaliser's
auditions~auditions
garnishes~garnishes
birdying~birdying
beret's~Années Beret
legionary~de la légion
Beijing~Pékin
signally~signally
cruelty's~cruelty's
fishing's~fishing's
athwart~en travers
mangrove's~palétuviers
unburdens~déchargerait
Brandie's~Brandie de
poky~exigu
alumnus~ancien élève
carets~carets
foxtrotting~foxtrotting
infantry's~infanterie de
nucleolus's~nucleolus de
impeached~mis en accusation
flask's~flask's
strategically~stratégiquement
planes~Avions
confront~affronter
signed~signé
leanness's~de maigreur
Grant~Subvention
totalitarianism~totalitarisme
cosmogonies~cosmogonies
syllables~syllabes
delver's~delver's
breadboard~breadboard
severally~individuellement
tallish~tallish
fabricates~fabricates
percolators~percolateurs
Davies's~Davies de
deadlock~deadlock
laxity~laxité
bison~bison
deloused~deloused
neurosis~névrose
canyon's~canyon de
bobbin's~bobine de
hurtful~nuisible
immovability's~de l'inamovibilité
Protagoras~Protagoras
hide~cacher
frustums~frustums
eyeopening~eyeopening
sobers~Sobers
denominational~denominational
tribune's~Tribune de
hopscotches~hopscotches
vacant~vacant
clinically~cliniquement
Deneb's~Deneb de
inward~vers l'intérieur
rheumy~chassieux
workbasket~corbeille à ouvrage
Mandalay~Mandalay
almond's~amandes
acme's~Acme de
Marses~Marses
Christ's~Christ
jurisdiction's~La compétence de
Michelson~Michelson
subversive's~de subversifs
brownness's~brownness de
phages~bactériophages
affiance~fiancer
Tolstoy's~Tolstoï
Verne's~Verne
Midwestern's~Middle West de
careworn~rongé par les soucis
lavatorial~scatologique
sups~sups
picturesquely~pittoresquement
salaried~salarié
sunroof's~toit ouvrant de
twiggier~twiggier
notaries~notaires
Rocha~Rocha
stalest~stalest
compatible~compatible
centime's~de centimes
Madurai's~Madurai de
politics~politique
whence~d'où
illusive~illusoire
pestles~pilons
disunited~disunited
Holly~houx
force~force
pinewood~pinewood
normality's~normalité de
hillock's~de tertre
incidence's~l'incidence de
ignitions~allumages
Galen~Galen
stipend~traitement
priories~prieurés
soberly~sobrement
theatregoers~amateurs de théâtre
urine's~de l'urine
fairground~fairground
hogties~Hogties
strikeout~strikeout
spleen~rate
Leonid's~Leonid de
isolated~isolé
Glaswegian's~glaswegian de
Sat's~SAT
Lemuel's~Lemuel de
temptation~tentation
congressmen~membres du Congrès
factionalism's~factionalism's
splotching~des éclaboussures
configure~configurer
rehabbed~rehabbed
misstatement's~anomalies de
foretasted~foretasted
settlers~colons
lentil's~Lentilles
unhealed~cicatrisées
Edmund's~Edmund
daddies~daddies
daffodil~daffodil
sandal's~des sandales
juniors~juniors
beheading~décapitation
wellingtons~botte de caoutchouc
mealiness's~Années farinosité
sledging~luge
Jivaro's~Jivaro de
mes~mes
sainthood~sainteté
Tobit's~Tobie de
pan's~des casseroles
fallowing~fallowing
sols~sols
clattered~claquaient
Guelph's~Guelph de
Duluth~Duluth
shredding~déchiqueter
Clair~Clair
singalongs~singalongs
Tess's~Tess
chuntering~chuntering
crises~crises
protectiveness's~de protectiveness
As's~Cul
wangle's~resquiller de
heaviness's~lourdeur de
callus's~cals de
insolence~insolence
enclaves~enclaves
decibels~decibels
obeyed~obéie
Huitzilopotchli's~Huitzilopotchli de
Aeschylus's~Eschyle
flying's~flying's
tamarinds~tamarins
muddled~embrouillé
totterers~totterers
Baluchistan~Baloutchistan
overflowed~débordait
bethinks~bethinks
scandalise~scandaliser
Celts~Celtes
tripper~touriste
Death~Décès
mulattoes~mulâtres
degree~degree
decode~decode
suitably~avantageusement
NEH~NEH
confusedly~confusément
puffy~bouffi
silkiness~soyeux
diagonal's~diagonal's
Windbreaker's~coupe-vent de
misidentified~mal identifié
Vancouver's~Vancouver de
capaciousness's~de capaciousness
calcium~calcium
stupefaction~stupéfaction
hedgerows~haies vives
hibachis~hibachis
Deanna~Deanna
ersatzes~ersatzes
misunderstanding~malentendu
officeholder's~supports de bureau
pooled~mise en commun
carol~carol
proffering~profération
vintages~millésimes
Borodin~Borodin
arsing~arsing
spuds~spuds
Stephens's~Stephens de
angora~angora
underweight~insuffisance pondérale
menorah's~menorah de
Carnot's~Carnot
ragtime~rag-time
Cordelia's~Cordélia
cows~cows
ripely~mûrement
Durban's~Durban moelleuses
faced~faced
tarantula's~tarentule de
snarliest~snarliest
exaggerator's~exaggerator's
cleansers~nettoyants
donas~donas
charlatanism~charlatanisme
Cadette~Cadette
brainwashing's~lavage de cerveau de
symbolise~symboliser
coenobitic~cénobitique
goblin~goblin
Gomulka~Gomulka
defeating~defeating
craftswoman~craftswoman
homogeneous~homogène
copula~copula
fingerboard's~fingerboard's
mulberry's~mûriers de
Zinfandel's~Zinfandel de
colonise~coloniser
phantom's~fantôme de
uncoiled~débobinée
milady~Milady
kindled~allumé
videocassette's~de vidéocassette
metathesis~métathèse
horticulturist~horticulteur
winkling~winkling
scanted~scanted
boiler~Chaudière
microchips~puces électroniques
Swede's~rutabaga de
diction~diction
canon's~CANON
deform~deform
yearbook~annuaire
nonperforming~improductifs
Dole's~Dole de
coarse~grossier
settee's~canapé de
ocarinas~ocarinas
plainsman's~Années Plainsman
intuit~Intuit
blivets~blivets
Deccan's~Deccan de
concurred~concouru
mogul~magnat
heterosexually~hétérosexuelles
dittoed~dittoed
heckling~chahut
Magyar~magyar
guzzler~guzzler
debts~debts
unseals~descelle
paraphrased~paraphrasé
landholding's~de la propriété foncière
Herzegovina~Herzégovine
encoders~encoders
Kareem's~Kareem de
enthusiast~enthusiast
Xerxes~Xerxès
Tallchief's~Tallchief de
embezzlers~embezzlers
allurement~séduction
humerus~humérus
guerrillas~guerrillas
roustabouts~Roustabouts
thousandth's~millième de
steadily~régulièrement
Jose~Jose
Miltiades's~Années Miltiade
battled~lutté contre
assign's~attribuer de
admiration~admiration
suggestion~suggestion
telephoners~telephoners
mnemonic's~mnémotechnique
Gallic's~gallique de
Rothko~Rothko
silkworms~ver à soie
assuages~apaise
knacks~knacks
forecastle's~forecastle's
antiserum~antisérum
underbelly~ventre
yikes~beurk
followup~followup
accepted~accepté
ultraconservative~ultra conservateur
ululations~youyou
POW~prisonnier de guerre
dalliance~dalliance
Swed~swed
valise~valise
sorrowfulness's~sorrowfulness de
scarlet's~écarlate de
leisurewear~leisurewear
debonairness's~debonairness's
writ's~bref de
Mongoloid~Mongolien
maxing~plafonnait
felicitate~felicitate
swarm's~essaim de
globules~globules
mimeograph~ronéotyper
validation~validation
pupates~nymphose
dings~dings
catalpa's~Années catalpa
refer~référer
derailment's~derailment's
woke~se réveilla
Legree's~Legree de
debouched~debouched
louts~rustres
ornithologist's~ornithologue de
patellae~rotulienne
preciseness~précision
airsickness's~airsickness de
mishaps~mésaventures
intelligibly~intelligiblement
deuce~deuce
embark~embark
sponsorship~parrainage
navel~nombril
pollards~têtards
lingering~persistant
firm~firm
pursuits~activités
jibbing~jib
Acts's~actes de
deflated~deflated
mediator~médiateur
T~T
scorner's~contempteur de
rockbound~Rockbound
Oliver's~Oliver
crop~crop
bijoux~Bijoux
wider~plus large
Palestrina's~Palestrina
puss~chat
Constantine~Constantine
genocides~genocides
dodder's~dodder's
assembler's~assembleur années
replaces~remplace
chaperonage's~chaperonnage de
cowries~cowries
kissoffs~kissoffs
Thanh~Thanh
rum~Rhum
Peabody~Peabody
grouting~grouting
organelle~organite
repetition~répétition
Chaldean~chaldéenne
nubs~nopes
horticultural~horticole
cosmonaut~cosmonaut
performed~réalisée
peeve~énerver
trimming~garniture
Malaya~Malaisie
banknote~billet de banque
speleology's~spéléo de
Revlon~revlon
masseur~masseur
unwieldiness~lourdeurs
fanboy~fanboy
pillaging~pillage
stepbrother~beau-frère
marimba's~Années marimba
trusteeship's~de tutelle
batty~toqué
vocationally~plan professionnel
Haggai's~Haggai de
Heidegger's~Heidegger
xxiv~xxiv
sump~puisard
ravager's~Ravageur de
girths~girths
thugs~voyous
Hogarth's~Hogarth
driveshafts~driveshafts
respiration's~la respiration de
chorea's~chorée de
Thomas's~Thomas de
suicidal~suicidaire
Ararat's~Ararat de
entombs~entombs
philosophisers~philosophisers
eclogues~eclogues
disquietude~disquietude
pumps~pompes
perquisite~pourboire
bookcases~Bibliothèques
infamously~tristement célèbre
download~download
embroil~embroil
pollacks~lieus
newscaster's~présentateur de nouvelles de
roadhouse's~de Roadhouse
mousses~mousses
cop~cop
interoffice~interservices
incapacitated~incapable
chiseller's~ciseleur de
banners~bannières
wasabi~wasabi
proven~éprouvé
crampon's~crampon's
unattractively~laidement
nonreactive~non réactive
Anchorage~Ancrage
hull~coque
snowbank's~congère de
ravened~dévorant,
philosopher~philosophe
Oprah's~Oprah
shibboleth's~Années shibboleth
program's~programmes
Mencken~Mencken
bitty~Bitty
mortals~mortels
Isiah's~Isiah de
torsos~torses
northwesters~northwesters
Guillermo's~Guillermo de
Atwood's~Atwood
herpetologists~herpetologists
ballets~ballets
inset's~encart de
Amarillo~Amarillo
rancidity~rancissement
entirely~entirely
nobble~choper
gaggle~gaggle
Santeria's~Années Santeria
regulator~régulateur
intellect's~son intellect
Eleazar's~Eleazar de
swatted~swatted
Mississippian~Mississippian
nays~voix contre
yeomen~yeomen
aggravates~aggrave
bondmen~comme esclaves
propagandising~propagandising
corded~corded
remanding~renvoyant
newlyweds~jeunes mariés
amendments~amendements
desiccating~desiccating
Fatah~Fatah
dons~dons
hypersensitivity's~hypersensibilité de
sending~envoi
bounder~goujat
fruit~fruit
richness's~la richesse de
criminals~criminals
reimbursable~remboursables
grandstands~grandstands
Saturnalia~saturnales
punctuates~ponctue
modernists~modernistes
bramble's~ronce de
elite's~elite's
silvers~médailles d'argent
fireplaces~fireplaces
innuendo~insinuation
supervisors~superviseurs
Fred's~Fred
bullshit~connerie
reconstruct~reconstruire
illiteracy~analphabétisme
Sarawak~Sarawak
Gertrude's~Gertrude
Benedict~Benoît XVI
disinclined~disinclined
topsoil's~de terre végétale
redistribution's~redistribution de
pickpocket~pickpocket
passport's~passeport de
forlornly~forlornly
cower~cower
reeking~puant
euphorically~euphorically
wheals~papules
marvel's~marvel
agitators~agitateurs
Grady~Grady
Moore's~Moore
premised~prémisse
puddle's~flaque d'eau de
greyhound~greyhound
tidy's~de bien rangé
pongee~pongé
RI~RI
precis's~Années precis
bonfire's~bonfire
soldiery~soldatesque
riposte~riposte
reclassification~reclassement
frugally~frugally
luscious~succulent
pretension~prétention
antacids~antiacides
growing~growing
ambler~Ambler
snorts~reniflements
landed~a atterri
Mazda~Mazda
transposes~transposés
springiest~springiest
Katharine~Katharine
actuarial~actuarielle
toothpick~cure-dents
scheduler~planificateur
earful~earful
Medusa~Méduse
charters~chartes
nonidentical~non-identique
judgement~jugement
Raleigh~Raleigh
parathyroid~parathyroïde
auction's~les enchères
buggers~bougres
jetsam~épaves
eavesdroppers~eavesdroppers
farmsteads~farmsteads
electrode~electrode
celesta's~célesta de
reffed~reffed
guardhouses~guardhouses
accepting~acceptant
ersatz~ersatz
stomachache~maux d'estomac
flake~flake
blindfold's~les yeux bandés de
Romansh~romanche
haughtiness~hauteur
cataclysmic~cataclysmique
Huntington's~Huntington
colostrum's~colostrum de
canopy~canopée
coherent~cohérent
southerly's~sud de
airbase~base aérienne
restores~restaurations
Brittney's~Brittney de
semesters~semestres
fat~fat
Septembers~septembres
Leslie's~Leslie
evening~evening
counteroffer's~counteroffer's
dolloping~dolloping
rums~rhums
alias's~alias de
Swazi~Swazi
assayers~essayeurs
allots~lui attribue
spook's~de Spook
germ~germ
beautification~beautification
units~unités
shallower~moins profonde
Clorets's~Années Clorets
uncharacteristically~non caractéristique
Jungian~jungienne
seabirds~oiseaux de mer
prospers~prospère
Schopenhauer's~Schopenhauer
sacristans~sacristains
emptier~emptier
inn~auberge
gentlewoman's~gentlewoman's
parrots~perroquets
Holbein's~Holbein
Oneidas~Oneida
rescuing~sauvetage
Wise~Sage
Gentry's~Gentry de
Taklamakan~Taklamakan
folktale's~folktale's
avoid~éviter
region~Région
requiem~requiem
recruits~recrues
nest~nid
dulcimer's~dulcimer's
flyleaf~flyleaf
motocrosses~motocrosses
recontact~recontacter
waddle~se dandiner
intrigues~intrigues
Olsen's~Olsen
video's~vidéos
wrongdoer's~de transgresseur
narcissus's~Années narcisse
rhombuses~rhombuses
trespassers~transgresseurs
form's~form's
menstruation~menstruation
resorption's~la résorption de
generalists~generalists
paedophiles~pédophiles
phonemically~phonémiquement
audaciousness~audace
sonograms~sonograms
falsify~falsify
anticlimactic~anticlimactic
smugness's~fatuité de
Halsey~Halsey
effervescently~effervescently
nuttiest~nuttiest
gratuity's~gratuity's
pulverisation~pulverisation
mistreated~maltraitée
someways~someways
brunet's~brunet de
integrity's~l'intégrité de
something~quelque chose
slugger's~cogneur de
Steinbeck~Steinbeck
sterilising~stériliser
inhabited~habité
biodegraded~biodégrader
slavery~esclavage
scanties~scanties
condensate~condensé
choreographer~chorégraphie
Lynette~Lynette
Jackie~Jackie
claque~claques
observatories~observatoires
protectiveness~protectiveness
throng~foule
miserable~misérable
bicycle's~vélo de
dissonances~dissonances
dogeared~dogeared
planner's~planificateur de
Chance~Chance
tenure's~du régime
satisfactorily~satisfaisante
idolatrous~idolâtre
syrups~sirops
Haiti's~Haïti de
hospitalised~hospitalisé
Sulla~sulla
microscopes~microscopes
doodad~doodad
Supt~supt
offprint~tiré à part
reinoculated~réinoculée
integration's~l'intégration de
jerkins~justaucorps
childminding~childminding
freeways~freeways
slob's~de plouc
menial's~de serviles
Dominican's~dominicaine de
capitulates~capitule
Staten's~Staten de
cowgirls~cowgirls
Molly's~Molly
flushest~flushest
Absalom~Absalom
Idahoes~Idahoes
Anglicisms~anglicismes
Bologna's~Bologne de
continuity's~continuity's
foisted~foisted
velours~velours
autopsy's~de l'autopsie
holy~saint
richer~plus riche
lifeguard's~maître-nageur de
dominance~dominance
misreporting~fausses déclarations
gawkiness's~gawkiness's
agglomerate~agglomérer
humanistic~humaniste
counteroffensive~counteroffensive
palmate~palmé
screwball~cinglé
footing~footing
seedling's~de semis
plugholes~plugholes
maser~maser
eyelash~eyelash
Latisha~latisha
execution~execution
kilowatt~kilowatt
illness~maladie
sap's~sève de
blighting~flétrir
Oswald's~Oswald
Tracey's~Tracey de
fanzine~fanzine
venerable~vénérable
mantis's~Années mante
Hurley's~Hurley
pastes~pâtes
Cordoba~Cordoba
faithful's~faithful's
auk's~Années auk
handicapped~handicapped
burgles~cambriole
salmonella~salmonelle
imprecation~imprécation
BASICs~BASICs
hoer's~hoer de
unspoken~inexprimée
anticipate~anticiper
disproportional~disproportional
tooling~outillage
craters~craters
cubicle's~cubicle's
threesome's~trio de
brazenly~effrontément
infotainment~info-divertissement
effusions~effusions
philosophical~philosophique
defter~defter
mulcts~Mulets
bronzes~bronzes
hectic~trépidant
chronology~chronologie
moil's~mohel de
apprentices~apprentis
compression's~compression de
stinting~lésiner
tonally~tonalement
Samaritan's~Samaritain
lawmaking~processus législatif
USS~USS
breach's~violation de
fumier~fumier
subsidises~subventionne
Larsen's~Larsen
rearmament's~de réarmement
paras~paragraphes
rehearsing~répéter
solo~solo
accretions~accrétions
birth~naissance
endorsements~endorsements
Candy~Bonbons
yin~yin
codeine~codéine
l~l
handshakes~handshakes
Faustian~faustien
natures~natures
palatal's~palatin de
hydroplane's~hydroglisseur de
economising~economising
transferring~transférer
Mistassini's~mistassini de
Jedi~Jedi
matting's~de nattes
clearer~plus clair
micrometer's~micromètre de
scrapbooks~scrapbooks
Tinseltown~Tinseltown
Tacitus's~Tacite de
squelch~écraser
hobs~plaques
Hooters's~Années Hooters
carrots~carottes
counterbalancing~counterbalancing
triflers~triflers
tympanist~timbalier
bullwhip~bullwhip
Canon's~Canon de
snowshoe's~raquettes de
alerted~alerté
nastily~méchamment
Finland~Finlande
minimising~réduisant au minimum
chickened~chickened
lxiv~LXIV
warthog's~Années phacochère
Zimbabwean~zimbabwéen
Claudius's~Claudius de
romantic's~est romantique
Dora's~Dora
tinpot~fantoche
Hopewell~Hopewell
assiduous~assidu
Algerian~algérien
funding~funding
pangs~douleurs
timetabled~assortis de délais
Hampton~Hampton
underneath~sous
stereotypical~stéréotypé
cornrowed~cornrowed
Irma's~Irma de
geodesics~geodesics
fustian's~fustian's
Andalusia~Andalousie
weigh~peser
Crucifixions~Crucifixions
lingeringly~longuement la
Clementine~Clémentine
Daguerre's~Daguerre
VIP's~VIP
brushes~brosses
plausibility's~plausibilité de
fibreboard's~fibreboard's
inlays~incrustations
skillets~poêlons
adaptions~adaptations
comfier~comfier
highroad~grand'route
fanfares~fanfares
withdrawn~retiré
garrote~garrote
boas~boas
escarole~escarole
phalanger's~phalanger de
carrels~carrels
sullenly~sullenly
skiers~skieurs
Epson's~Epson de
Crecy~Crecy
regrinding~rebroyage
matching~correspondant à
debunk~debunk
stepfather's~beau-père
quantity's~quantité de
horseradishes~raifort
smarty~Smarty
Delius's~Delius de
accordions~accordéons
charity's~de charité
lopped~trancha
callusing~callusing
WiFi~Wifi
buoy~bouée
Cole's~Cole
officiator~officiator
Sodom's~Sodome
lessee~preneur à bail
defrauder's~defrauder's
Magdalene~Madeleine
railroaders~Railroaders
disentanglement's~disentanglement's
theretofore~jusque-
catchers~catchers
SUV~SUV
La~La
Persepolis~Persepolis
fleshpot~fleshpot
Jeeves~Jeeves
wealth's~la richesse de
zillion's~de zillion
mustangs~mustangs
sultriest~sultriest
banditry's~de banditisme
Felipe~Felipe
oscillates~oscille
algorithm~algorithme
undeniable~indéniable
irrationally~irrationnellement
schmucks~schmucks
illegitimacy's~de bâtardise
Offenbach~Offenbach
descale~descale
shoestring's~peu de frais de
infallibility's~infaillibilité de
assassinations~assassinats
Blake~Blake
hock's~jarret de
militant~militant
almighty~tout-puissant
Angelita~Angelita
plodded~boudiné
grimy~grimy
hemmed~ourlé
veg's~Veg de
circulars~circulaires
reinforcement's~le renforcement de
milling's~de fraisage
priests~prêtres
convalescence's~convalescence's
spoofed~usurpée
humdrum~monotone
finickier~finickier
gentians~gentians
inflaming~enflammant
Elam's~Elam de
telephone's~téléphone de
miscreant~scélérat
crouch~crouch
sidearm's~bras latéraux
actualisation~actualisation
bowsprit~beaupré
exudes~exudes
robed~robed
germinating~germinating
disorients~disorients
complementing~complétant
dubs~dubs
Lima~Lima
cosier~cosier
dissemblers~dissemblers
deferential~deferential
cohort~cohorte
cincture's~cincture de
aspen's~tremble de
acknowledge~reconnaître
signalise~signalise
rooked~rooked
Parkinson~Parkinson
Thessalonians~Thessaloniciens
specially~spécialement
Mountie~Mountie
ass's~cul de
benzine~benzine
sounding~sondage
Wynn~Wynn
excites~excites
Tatum~Tatum
mycologists~mycologues
Yossarian's~Yossarian de
anapest's~Anapest de
Buddy~Copain
phototropism~phototropisme
caddishness~goujaterie
bakery~boulangerie
allusion~allusion
rakish~élancé
Gerry's~Gerry de
departure~departure
sylph's~sylphide de
cognate~de même origine
impreciseness's~de imprécision
pacifies~apaise
threadlike~filiformes
seventy's~soixante-dix années
exterior~exterior
abscess's~abcès de
sextuplet's~sextuplés
Bass~Basse
Nunez's~Nunez de
Panza's~Panza
Namibian~Namibie
tritium's~tritium de
bonging~bonging
bookies~bookies
clots~caillots
etymological~etymological
heartbeats~pulsations cardiaques
alimenting~alimenting
quibble~ergoter
Ecuadorean~équatorienne
Knoxville's~Knoxville de
hedgehog's~hérisson de
hypo's~hypo de
evanescent~evanescent
appraisers~priseurs
odorous~odorant
agonising~angoissant
Heine's~Heine
freedom~freedom
colon~côlon
Reyes~Reyes
unwariness~unwariness
parfait~parfait
doling~doling
dromedary~dromedary
handclasp's~handclasp's
Richmond~Richmond
chessmen~chessmen
weening~Weening
eruditely~eruditely
nonrecognition~non-reconnaissance
amphibious~amphibie
curio~curio
pressuriser~pressuriseur
sixty's~soixante de
Lenora~Lenora
biking~Cyclisme
spacewomen~spacewomen
prepubescent~prépubère
Yevtushenko's~Yevtushenko de
spoonful~cuillerée
wiseacre~arrogant
berthing~accoster
beachcombers~déferlantes
monochrome~camaïeu
crosswalks~crosswalks
buffing~lustrage
embosses~embosses
vow's~vœu de
Devin~Devin
aromatic~aromatique
caesium~césium
pluralities~pluralités
assay's~essai de
Donne~Donne
edelweiss~edelweiss
rib~nervure
capacity~capacité
Mikhail's~Mikhail
mistrials~procès nuls
belligerently~belligerently
dodgers~dodgers
condenser's~condenseur de
porgies~pagres
Aquitaine~Aquitaine
prerequisite's~conditions préalables
crystallisation's~crystallisation's
antiquarianism's~de antiquarianism
anathema's~de l'anathème
whereon~lequel
Sasquatch's~Sasquatch de
innovate~innover
stodgiest~stodgiest
nonindependent~non indépendants
cording~cording
promenade's~promenade de
Krystal~Krystal
defiled~defiled
ponds~étangs
assigner~attributeur
inarticulateness's~de inarticulateness
beats~beats
renegading~renegading
cottar's~cottar's
Guelph~Guelph
regalia's~Années Regalia
healed~guéri
Iguassu~Iguassu
superposed~superposé
forbidden~forbidden
border's~les frontières
responsibilities~responsabilités
banjo~banjo
Algiers's~Années Alger
Janell~Janell
cabarets~cabarets
nightmare~cauchemar
gentled~gentled
food~food
abrogate~abroger
character's~personnages
hitchhiker~auto stoppeur
emigrate~emigrate
Dutch~néerlandais
cheeseboard~Plateau à fromage
guileful~guileful
aweigh~aweigh
Gentoo's~gentoo
interstice's~Années interstice
spontaneity's~de spontanéité
lengthiness~longueur
primula~Primula
generations~generations
psychosis's~la psychose de
downheartedness~downheartedness
polynomial~polynôme
pseudo~pseudo
reengage~réengager
permeating~imprégnant
ox~bœuf
Diane's~Diane de
stepchildren's~Années beaux-enfants
postmodernist~postmoderniste
bub~Bub
remoter~plus éloignées
desirableness's~desirableness's
Bergerac's~Bergerac de
alleluia's~Alléluia de
merrymaking's~de merrymaking
escarpments~escarpments
servicewoman~servicewoman
devolving~devolving
Mays's~Mays de
Jack's~Jack
battleships~cuirassés
decouple~decouple
Nigel's~Nigel
sufficed~suffisaient
Japan~Japon
quadruplicate's~de quadruplicate
Serpens's~Années Serpens
Dec~Déc
shacking~shacking
xvi~xvi
bullpen~enclos des releveurs
migraine's~de la migraine
Azana's~Azana de
eigenvalue~eigenvalue
guiding~guiding
blockbusting's~BlockBusting de
pluses~points positifs
scattershot~scattershot
Gareth~Gareth
Ceylon~Ceylan
Munster's~Munster de
vituperates~vitupère
henchman's~homme de main de
ens~ens
prelim's~Années prélim
Milford's~Milford de
misapprehends~comprend mal
unleashing~déchaînement
vulva~vulve
curmudgeon~curmudgeon
revisiting~revisiter
notifiers~notifiants
readily~facilement
shriller~strident
petrologist~pétrologue
perkiness's~Années perkiness
skiver~skiver
quipped~QUIPPED
wit's~l'esprit de
Tahitians~Tahitiens
consonant~consonne
landwards~landwards
dioxides~dioxides
zappy~Zappy
frailties~frailties
batik's~batik de
positioning~placement
crookedest~crookedest
puffiness~gonflement
Muscovy~Moscovie
plexus's~plexus de
cudgelled~cudgelled
Soto~De manière à
nationals~ressortissants
grandiosity's~grandiosity's
bonanza~aubaine
alewives~gaspareau
Ceres's~Années Cérès
recolours~recolours
inedible~immangeable
communism~communisme
Thermos~Thermos
twirlers~twirlers
Tanya~Tanya
shouter~crieur
abseiling~abseiling
drolly~drolly
huckstered~huckstered
diaphragm~diaphragm
resuscitate~réanimer
whoso~Whoso
humanisation's~de l'humanisation
Modigliani~modigliani
Chloe's~Chloé
bare~nu
paste's~pâte de
Knowles's~Knowles de
dogs~dogs
pyromania~pyromanie
rapier's~rapière de
ululating~youyous
unplumbed~déplombée
likelier~plus susceptibles
acridly~acridly
dauntingly~dauntingly
obscurity's~l'obscurité de
agglutinate~agglutiner
loyalist~loyaliste
grousing~grousing
exhibit's~exhibit's
Angstrom's~Angstrom de
augustness's~augustness de
pain's~des douleurs
exterminator~exterminator
Ramses~Ramses
intractability's~de indocilité
windblown~windblown
Shawn's~Shawn
aviaries~volières
Lhasa's~Lhasa de
bellyaching~bellyaching
unfamiliar~inconnu
juddered~juddered
potty's~pot de
spermatozoon~spermatozoïde
expansible~expansible
eradicable~eradicable
Atlanta~Atlanta
desolateness's~desolateness's
terrariums~terrariums
battlefront's~battlefront de
trader~Commerçant
premier's~PREMIER MINISTRE
containers~containers
distrust's~distrust's
analogy's~analogie de
Yorktown's~Yorktown de
Asia's~Asie du
Figueroa~Figueroa
foresail~foresail
forbears~forbears
decapitation's~decapitation's
candour's~de la franchise
hoodooing~hoodooing
Hodges's~Hodges de
gloomiest~gloomiest
distension's~distension's
upriver~en amont
clobbers~aplatit
wades~Wades
taillights~feux arrières
snowboarded~planche à neige
Midway~à mi-chemin
equipped~equipped
passably~Praticable
Shetland's~Shetland de
aforesaid~précité
expansionism's~expansionism's
homeopaths~homéopathes
Hillary~Hillary
breastplates~cuirasses
urgently~instamment
bellow~mugissement
mythology's~la mythologie de
codger~drôle de vieux bonhomme
reassembly~remontage
lefter~Lefter
delegations~delegations
ordinances~ordonnances
epicurean's~epicurean's
Lorna's~Lorna de
nonvoters~abstentionnistes
mainlands~mainlands
gramophones~gramophones
thee~te
roadster~roadster
Borgia~borgia
flannel~flannel
certificated~certifié
sauced~sauced
loudmouths~loudmouths
playback's~la lecture de
unstrap~unstrap
deponents~deponents
pause's~pause de
Chapultepec~Chapultepec
hygienists~hygiénistes
Reuters's~Reuters de
Buchwald's~Buchwald de
amortisations~amortissements
Zr's~Zr de
pablum~pablum
caller~votre interlocuteur
churchwarden~bedeau
carefulness's~de prudence
derives~derives
grass~grass
darn~darn
Floridan's~floridan de
Itaipu's~Années Itaipu
bromide~bromure
groupies~groupies
boohoos~boohoos
baffling~déconcertant
plodders~bosseurs
likelihood~probabilité
yowled~yowled
overthrown~renversées
Belfast's~Belfast de
tars~goudrons
Boswell~Boswell
photosynthesising~photosynthèse
swedes~rutabagas
specif~SPECIF
demagogue~demagogue
elegantly~elegantly
fingertips~fingertips
variable's~variables de
cheater~tricheur
postage~affranchissement
southwards~sud
tortellini's~tortellini de
damaged~damaged
plateful~assiette
intermixes~entremêle
fooleries~fooleries
Concepcion~Concepcion
gulags~gulags
Pollux~Pollux
villainous~infâme
astrologist's~de astrologist
chillness~chillness
keynote~note dominante
cycled~cycled
necrology~nécrologie
buskers~buskers
correct~correct
freewheel~freewheel
demijohns~demijohns
greases~greases
bohemianism's~de bohemianism
exclamation~exclamation
personas~Personas
kaput~fichu
plies~plis
compensate~compenser
unsound~bancal
graphite~graphite
evacuates~evacuates
repeal~abrogation
tetra's~Tetra
Northerner~habitant du nord
spottiness's~Années spottiness
basins~bassins
blares~blares
trimming's~de coupe
Arizonians~Arizonians
downcast~downcast
sirloins~surlonges
brainlessly~brainlessly
revels~délecte
lawman~lawman
cantor~chantre
activation~Activation
chestnuts~châtaignes
steelmakers~sidérurgistes
rugby's~le rugby de
flyspeck's~flyspeck's
hailed~hailed
nonscheduled~non réguliers
Talleyrand~Talleyrand
football~football
responsibility's~La responsabilité de
handball's~handball's
elucidation~elucidation
Brillo's~Brillo de
wigwam~wigwam
bungler~bousilleur
gavels~gavels
hissing~sifflant
mercifully~Dieu merci
syllabicate~syllabicate
intimidating~intimidante
needled~aiguilleté
trey's~Trey de
pailful's~pailful de
mudpacks~mudpacks
inclemency's~de inclémence
goats~goats
flaunt's~flaunt's
inhalation's~inhalation de
umbrella's~de parasols
alloy's~alliage de
hardener~hardener
interruption~interruption
arbutuses~arbousiers
Foreman's~contremaître de
frazzling~frazzling
wrought~forgé
sill~seuil
oversimplification's~de simplisme
leasers~leasers
Guiana's~années Guyane
snowbound~complètement enneigé
PowerPoint's~de PowerPoint
wordily~wordily
orientalist~orientaliste
contrasts~contrasts
puke~dégueuler
deluges~deluges
Cliff's~années Cliff
padlock's~cadenas de
noncompliance~non-conformité
Ebeneezer's~ebeneezer de
radiator~radiateur
Benghazi's~Benghazi de
rat's~les rats
demon's~demon's
addend's~Années cumulateur
Advent~Avènement
jaggedness's~de jaggedness
hitchers~hitchers
resowed~resowed
orbiting~en orbite
splatting~splatting
parcels~colis
cosmetology~cosmetology
guaranty's~guaranty's
instantaneously~instantanément
mousetrap~piege a souris
rivalry~rivalité
chant~chant
drifts~drifts
openness~franchise
irritated~irrité
storm~orage
sobered~dégrisé
erroneously~erroneously
relegating~reléguant
Harlow~Harlow
conspectus's~conspectus de
Cagney~Cagney
busts~bustes
Brice~Brice
Hyderabad~Hyderabad
vincible~vincible
succours~secours
custom's~custom's
abstainer's~de abstinent
Titania~Titania
outsourcing's~de sous-traitance
wanker~branleur
deference's~deference's
troika's~troïka de
toolbars~barres d'outils
subtext's~sous-texte de ce
antiquary~antiquaire
velar's~vélaire de
Stilton's~Stilton de
Arabists~arabistes
ineffectiveness's~l'inefficacité de
hieroglyphic~hiéroglyphique
theatricality~théâtralisation
flux~flux
accenting~accentuation
gloats~gloats
klaxon~klaxon
splosh~splosh
helper's~helper
politicising~politiser
Presley's~Presley
Dzerzhinsky's~Dzerjinski de
Nauru's~Nauru de
unfamiliarity's~manque de connaissance de
tearaway~arracher
sadism~sadisme
ostrich's~autruche de
upsetting~bouleversant
forewarned~forewarned
eyeful~eyeful
offered~offert
based~basé
northwestward~northwestward
indisposed~indisposé
superconductivity~supraconductivité
Pharaohs~pharaons
brusqueness's~de brusquerie
filter's~filter's
reduced~réduit
Robt's~robt de
colouring's~coloriage
oculist~oculiste
inattentiveness's~de manque d'attention
interlude~interlude
disaster's~disaster's
Merlot's~Merlot de
Stieglitz's~Stieglitz de
ingrain's~ingrain de
penknives~canifs
readership's~lecteurs de
snuggled~blotti
Antietam's~Antietam de
daubing~daubing
generalisation~generalisation
derbies~derbies
antiqued~vieillie
Sikkimese~Sikkim
keyboardists~claviéristes
inbred~inné
salient~saillant
explicated~explicated
Beach's~plage de
confining~confinant
stewarding~stewarding
trousseau~trousseau
Swedish~suédois
solvent's~de solvant
garlicky~garlicky
bellhop~groom
Cartier~Cartier
Kazakh's~kazakh de
checkroom's~de checkroom
Malagasy's~malgache de
Carlene's~Carlene de
Guadalcanal's~Guadalcanal de
fierceness~fierceness
WWI~Première Guerre mondiale
involuntariness's~de non volontaire
chrism's~chrême de
hallmark~hallmark
notelets~notules
buoyancy~flottabilité
raunchily~raunchily
Hooker~Talonneur
O'Neil's~O'Neil
proclaims~clame
saves~sauve
morbidly~maladivement
Chiquita's~Chiquita de
JV~JV
outguesses~outguesses
contorts~contorts
Li's~Li de
lustiness~réjouissance
rudest~plus grossier
ducat's~ducat's
kneaders~malaxeurs
standout's~hors concours de
Christa~Christa
plods~plods
cheaper~moins cher
grasshopper's~grasshopper's
protestation's~de protestation
tournaments~tournois
Carlsbad~Carlsbad
Odets~Odets
ossification~ossification
connoted~connoté
Nordic~nordique
relishes~relish
waitstaff's~de waitstaff
demented~demented
mangle~mutiler
turbines~turbines
nuptial~nuptial
stiflings~stiflings
Kresge~Kresge
unharness~dételer
phonetician's~Années phonéticiens
loiterer~flâneur
interstitial~interstitiel
dynamic's~dynamic's
sobering~qui donne à réfléchir
handhold~handhold
mutilating~mutiler
retros~retros
illusion's~illusion de
defensive~defensive
complaisantly~complaisamment
parcel~parcelle
mayo's~mayo de
sportiness~sportiness
grouches~grouches
kidnapping's~l'enlèvement de
Mesolithic~mésolithique
cabstands~cabstands
biosensor~biocapteur
conflicts~conflits
lyricism~lyrisme
index~indice
kilter's~bon état de marche de
flambes~flambes
overshadow~éclipser
payment's~Paiements
butler~majordome
destined~destined
involving~impliquant
neckerchief~foulard
butterflying~butterflying
abrasion's~abrasion de
carer~personnel soignant
economics~economics
productivity's~la productivité du
bet's~pari de
taboos~les tabous
retrorocket~rétrofusée
womenfolks~womenfolks
tatting's~tatting de
cellphone's~téléphones portables
Serrano~Serrano
specific's~détails
rationalises~rationalise
nostalgia's~nostalgie de
murmuring~bruissement
detours~detours
geologically~geologically
retractions~rétractions
contemning~contemning
cyclists~cyclists
stabilise~stabiliser
occupying~occupant
negativeness's~de negativeness
laureates~lauréats
officiousness~excès d'empressement
Mailer's~Mailer
condor~condor
bey's~bey de
corruptibility's~corruptibility's
exit~exit
custom~custom
uniforming~uniformisants
mousetrapped~mousetrapped
Hastings's~Hastings de
upmarket~haut de gamme
chalked~écrit à la craie
pointillism's~pointillisme de
anodyne's~antalgique de
Renault's~de Renault
speculated~spéculé
meringue~Meringue
overestimation~surestimation
Washingtonians~Washingtonians
Karloff~Karloff
cant~pente
requiem's~requiem de
harping~rabâchage
throwers~jeteurs
percussionists~percussionistes
whimsically~capricieusement
Anatolian's~Années anatoliennes
angstroms~angströms
peppier~peppier
cuddlier~cuddlier
rebuses~rébus
pilaster's~de pilastre
quota's~ce quota
Chongqing~Chongqing
clubbed~ascidie
deputies~deputies
politely~poliment
Nebr~Nebr
mangetouts~pois mange-tout
Daphne's~Daphné
ruffian's~de ruffian
padlocks~cadenas
impends~impends
Hendrick~Hendrick
spicing~épiçage
upsurge~recrudescence
quadruple's~quadruple de
Maxwell's~Maxwell
pederasts~pédérastes
elaborating~elaborating
klutzy~klutzy
slackness's~de mollesse
forewarn~forewarn
overwintered~hiverné
chalkboards~tableaux noirs
whirls~tourbillonne
Styrofoam~polystyrène
xxxii~XXXII
Sudetenland~Sudètes
Udall~Udall
Mme~Mme
femoral~femoral
excludes~excludes
subsisting~subsistante
dredging~dredging
overactive~trop actif
referrer~referrer
snobbiest~snobbiest
unrest's~les troubles de
recovering~récupération
crustiness's~crustiness's
augur~augure
sequences~séquences
limped~boitait
kith's~Années Kith
wonted~habituel
homespun~filé à la maison
Hindustan~Hindustan
sleepiness~envie de dormir
smokescreen's~écran de fumée de
Lutheranism's~luthéranisme de
orthodontist's~orthodontiste de
nonperformance's~de non-exécution
bilabial~bilabial
Frankish~franque
forecourt's~forecourt's
dairymen~dairymen
commandos~commandos
mousers~mousers
gunfight~gunfight
Hitchcock~Hitchcock
limit's~limites
tannin's~tanin de
Phillipa's~Philippa de
categorical~catégorique
undergrads~undergrads
vulgarity~la vulgarité
upcoming~prochain
endearments~endearments
app's~applications
muggins~muggins
dimly~dimly
enrols~enrols
Chanel's~Chanel
photometer~photomètre
pseudos~pseudos
incising~inciser
entailing~entailing
oms~oms
recyclables~matières recyclables
plunges~plongeons
menaced~menaça
Harris's~Harris
illicitness's~illicéité de
flamboyancy's~flamboyancy's
grow~grow
neuroses~névroses
reefed~basculée
yous~yous
semiprofessionals~semi-professionnels
baptisteries~baptistères
lardier~Lardier
dozily~dozily
TEFL~TEFL
womanlike~womanlike
mathematics's~de mathématiques
frontally~frontally
pachysandras~pachysandras
deckhand's~deckhand's
cosh~cosh
cajoler's~cajoler de
peonies~pivoines
deselection~deselection
firebombings~firebombings
citron's~cédrat de
griever~griever
scimitars~cimeterres
workday~journée de travail
brokerage's~de courtage
translucence~translucidité
Gretel's~Gretel de
maxim's~maxime de
Elena~Elena
faultless~faultless
choose~choisir
propeller~hélice
crawlers~crawlers
runabout~courir
aspirants~aspirantes
Bernardo's~Bernardo de
dreamworlds~dreamworlds
tuition~cours
ace~as
fridge's~fridge's
lowing~mugissement
Baha'ullah's~Baha'ullah de
vassalage's~vassalité de
overall's~salopette
applauds~applaudit
bluffness~bluffness
counterpointing~counterpointing
ardent~ardent
Ger's~Ger de
Ethelred~Ethelred
tag's~Mots clés
diaphragms~diaphragms
hostilities~hostilités
Jewel~Bijou
blanch~blanchir
quiescence's~quiescence de
breeding's~de l'élevage
Aubrey's~Aubrey de
people's~de personnes
Parr's~Parr de
concourse's~concours de
headstand's~de headstand
burgeoned~bourgeonné
Savoyard~savoyard
ninepin~ninepin
paediatrician~pédiatre
chastened~assagie
thready~filé
almonds~amandes
Green~vert
taping~taping
Castlereagh's~Castlereagh
Spica~Spica
envisaging~envisaging
pretzels~bretzels
bagful's~bagful de
uncross~Uncross
lipstick~rouge à lèvres
toiletries~articles de toilette
fibrosis's~fibrosis's
amigo's~amigo de
catted~catted
adults~adultes
provinces~provinces
dinkiest~dinkiest
chitchat's~de parlote
stoicism's~de stoïcisme
awfulness's~de awfulness
plunder~pillage
clausal~clausal
rustler~voleur de bétail
indeed~effectivement
overshared~overshared
prepuce~prépuce
baileys~Crème de whisky
Helen~Helen
senility~sénilité
nitrite~nitrite
existentialism~existentialism
taunts~railleries
obligatory~obligatoire
mercuric~mercurique
stabler~stabler
losing's~de perdre
CST's~CST de
grates~grates
vainest~vaniteux
vowed~juré
abattoirs~abattoirs
Lille~Lille
lanky~dégingandé
freshener~freshener
Harlem's~Harlem de
Teutonic~teutonique
Afghani~Afghani
tonsures~tonsures
recites~déclame
vulgarer~vulgarer
Quayle's~Quayle de
shopfitter~shopfitter
Seoul~Séoul
strata~couches
dwarfs~dwarfs
stewardship~intendance
contorted~contorted
unload~décharger
stations~stations
furlough's~furlough's
humanising~humanisant
crisper~crisper
shabbiness~défraîchi
audible's~sonore de
towhead~Towhead
riderless~riderless
styptics~styptiques
something's~certaines choses
pieceworker~ouvrier payé à la pièce
epidemiologist~epidemiologist
cadged~cadged
disembarking~disembarking
bailiwicks~bailliages
reanimating~ranimant
saddlebag~sacoche de selle
pickles~cornichons
honkies~honkies
souped~souped
ruminating~ruminant
facetiousness~facetiousness
pettifogger~escroc
villages~villages
subsidisation~subvention
traditionalist~traditionaliste
reemerges~reparaît
reissue~rééditer
helmsman's~barreur de
recedes~s'éloigne
unwieldiness's~lourdeurs de
bead's~perles
Gunther's~Gunther
hemstitching~ourlets
Stalinist's~stalinien de
fingerling's~fingerling's
muleteer's~muletier de
deliverers~deliverers
encyclical~encyclical
concerted~concerté
smasher's~smasher de
fetters~fetters
ipecacs~ipecacs
centrifuged~centrifugés
avoidance~évitement
predispose~prédisposer
arduous~difficile
Secretary~secrétaire
Knuths~Knuths
Hollywood~Hollywood
airdrop's~de parachutages
Asturias~Asturias
lawmaker's~député de
tendril's~vrilles de
smuggles~contrebande
infiltration~infiltration
ratter's~ratier de
drill~drill
misinformation~désinformation
nutmegs~nutmegs
gradate~gradate
Eiffel~Eiffel
ageist's~de âgistes
sprain~entorse
baffler's~de baffler
Tisha~Tisha
citadel~citadelle
dilator~dilator
uterine~utérin
solving~résolution
dewclaw~dewclaw
glob's~glob's
doubleheader's~doubleheader's
trembled~tremblé
Gantry's~de Gantry
shirtfront's~de plastron
Maryland's~Maryland de
windbreak~coupe-vent
corpsmen~corpsmen
dictatorially~dictatorially
firmed~firmed
churchman's~churchman de
humane~humain
ST~ST
goad's~goad's
Leos~Leos
fatty's~fatty's
secret~secret
blackout~coupure électrique
federal~federal
ostracise~ostraciser
Gable~Gâble
reburial~réinhumation
heaps~tas
queering~queering
nerves~nerfs
responded~a répondu
impiousness~impiété
threader's~enfileur de
swearword's~gros mots
uncouple~découpler
sarcophagus's~sarcophage de
trier's~Trêves de
pliancy~souplesse
resolutions~résolutions
corrective's~corrective's
Hephaestus~Héphaïstos
physic's~la physique
isolationism's~de l'isolationnisme
Catullus~Catulle
iron~le fer
Anglicanisms~Anglicanisms
be~être
council~council
remelts~refond
flamers~flamers
universe~univers
electromagnet's~electromagnet's
fulcrums~fulcrums
weighing~pesée
hemostats~hémostatiques
layette's~layette de
trichinosis~trichinose
Seaborg~Seaborg
redlining~redlining
PARC~PARC
vine's~vigne de
nymphomania~nymphomanie
valedictorian~major de promotion
metallurgist~métallurgiste
embodies~embodies
rower's~rameur de
redid~REDID
faultiness~faultiness
riving~fendeur
taboo~tabou
notorious~célèbre
astraddle~califourchon
hydraulics's~Hydrauliques de
overemotional~trop émotif
marketing~commercialisation
multipliers~multiplicateurs
tympanum's~de tympanum
chronicler~chroniqueur
Valparaiso's~Valparaiso de
pillory's~de pilori
eyebrows~eyebrows
Wessex's~de Wessex
embryology~embryology
mementos~souvenirs
guineas~guineas
Maker's~Maker de
Chomsky's~Chomsky
finalising~finalising
Prescott's~Prescott de
parasol~parasol
earshot's~earshot's
newsagent~marchand de journaux
midget's~midget de
dustsheet~dustsheet
quisling~collaborateur
muteness's~Années mutité
wonderment~émerveillement
ayes~ayes
gyrated~gyrated
playground's~cours de récréation
athlete's~les athlètes
trampoline's~trampoline
Tamworth's~Tamworth de
applet's~applet de
sultrier~sultrier
dissolute~dissolute
gearwheels~gearwheels
countdowns~countdowns
acculturation's~de l'acculturation
woodier~boisé
miscarriage's~les fausses couches de
Catullus's~Catulle de
obvious~évident
winning's~gains
retriever~retriever
altimeters~altimètres
inkiness's~de inkiness
allegretto~Allegretto
Tosca's~Tosca de
Maginot~Maginot
sobriquets~sobriquets
burial's~enterrement de
petrochemical's~pétrochimique de
bullish~haussier
dockyard~dockyard
overflown~survolée
sheaved~en gerbes
partnership~Partenariat
sycamore~sycomore
housekeeping's~de ménage
Khan~Khan
caravansary's~de caravansérail
Hayek's~Hayek
ancestresses~aïeules
laddishness~laddishness
Levitt~Levitt
spiraeas~spiraeas
decimals~decimals
withe's~cep de
allusiveness's~de allusif
Akbar~Akbar
now's~est maintenant
pretentiously~prétentieusement
uglier~plus laid
nowadays~aujourd'hui
thingy~truc
typhus's~années typhus
nonthinking~non-pensée
yessing~yessing
Daley's~Daley
varied~varié
Lagos~Lagos
jelled~jelled
tobacconist~marchand de tabac
barcarole~barcarolle
occupations~professions
topdressing's~de terreautage
deduce~deduce
paper's~papiers
arts~lettres
cymbal's~cymbal's
spoiled~gâté
dislodging~dislodging
jauntiest~jauntiest
pertinaciously~opiniâtrement
carol's~Carol
fenders~fenders
Utahan's~Utahan de
nameless~sans nom
Pollard's~Pollard de
diminuendo~diminuendo
delusive~delusive
turtledove~tourterelle
unsheathed~dégainé
catalysts~catalyseurs
XL's~XL de
dewdrops~dewdrops
taverns~tavernes
spastics~Spastics
starlet's~starlette de
indecencies~indécences
narcissist~narcissiques
OJ~JO
lettering's~lettrage de
aristocrats~aristocrates
photocell~photocellule
Mediterranean~méditerranéen
nepotists~nepotists
burnable~burnable
revolts~révoltes
dozing~dozing
vigilant~vigilant
mussing~mussing
haircloth~haircloth
overflew~survolé
processioned~processioned
quintet's~quintette de
wrinkliest~wrinkliest
NJ~New Jersey
stored~stocké
kings~rois
mannerisms~tics
bash's~bash de
Pepin's~Pépin de
paywall~paywall
channelises~channelises
Mixtec's~de mixtec
scrutinising~scrutant
confectionery's~confiserie de
topicality's~de l'actualité
collateralise~collatéraliser
variation's~variation de
trailers~bandes annonces
heaver's~heaver de
jurywomen~jurywomen
barbarism's~la barbarie de
reproves~réprouve
ingeniousness's~de l'ingéniosité
faff~faff
BYOB~Apportez votre vin
Jun~juin
Bonaparte's~Bonaparte
lordships~seigneuries
silage~fourrage ensilé
utterance~énonciation
grimacing~grimacing
unrewarding~ingrates
pettifogs~pettifogs
Fowler's~Fowler
laxity's~de laxisme
cliches~les clichés
recommission~RCx
pyrimidine~pyrimidine
Londoner~Londonien
sorted~trié
scanned~numérisée
credibly~credibly
cling~se cramponner
Trumbull~Trumbull
profundities~profondeurs
Kayla~Kayla
philanthropist~philanthrope
exceedingly~exceedingly
conforms~conforme
Bonn's~Bonn de
Massenet~Massenet
Iris's~Années Iris
abrogating~abrogeant
verger's~bedeau de
tabular~tabulaire
Oglethorpe~Oglethorpe
defrayal's~defrayal's
brigadier~brigadier
kepis~képis
lifeless~sans vie
moonshots~moonshots
predicted~prédite
tripping~déclenchement
cauliflower~choufleur
unemployed~sans emploi
Catherine's~Catherine
shiitake~shiitake
Bilbo~Bilbo
Indian~Indien
reedited~réédités
Vilnius~Vilnius
Nazca's~Nazca de
Greensboro~Greensboro
tortoni's~Tortoni
Mayflower's~Mayflower de
surveyor's~ARPENTEUR
prospect's~prospect
IQ's~QI
turfs~gazons
plugging~bouchage
spookiest~spookiest
quotients~quotients
user's~utilisateurs
Dawes~Dawes
pinwheel~pinwheel
android's~android de
hosed~arrosé
Ararat~Ararat
hinder~empêcher
deficiency~deficiency
canker~chancre
fundamentally~fundamentally
hollowed~évidé
Doubleday~Doubleday
depressingly~depressingly
sitters~sitters
SEC~SECONDE
tempest's~tempête de
chairmen~présidents
Daniel's~Daniel
armband~brassard
Perkins's~Perkins de
pejoration's~péjoration de
unexcited~unexcited
alkaloid~alcaloïde
ophthalmologist~ophtalmologiste
pasteuriser's~pasteurisateur de
recidivism~récidive
pedagogy~la pédagogie
Mamore~Mamore
bivalve~bivalve
teamsters~teamsters
netherworld~netherworld
timidly~timidement
wogs~métèques
tieback~embrasse
communist~communiste
ceaseless~incessant
manliness's~de virilité
Sawyer~Scieur
Diocletian~Dioclétien
indelicately~indélicatement
spot's~place de
extender's~extender's
varnish's~vernis de
Aachen's~Aachen de
reclusive~solitaire
mucus~mucus
robing~robing
morays~murènes
modulo~modulo
decrepit~decrepit
marginal~marginal
prescriptions~ordonnances
agrarian~agraire
Brazilian's~brésilien de
gristmill's~gristmill's
proposition~proposition
Toronto's~TORONTO
Whiteley~Whiteley
wrinkled~ridé
zone's~de zone
Hofstadter's~Hofstadter de
trilby's~Trilby de
Barack~Barack
strapless~sans bretelles
mulls~mulls
forked~forked
Sadducee~sadducéen
petard's~petard de
historicity~historicité
hearthrug~tapis du foyer
abysses~précipices
expositions~expositions
consequential~consécutif
Augsburg~Augsburg
holdings~participations
commercialise~commercialiser
Almaty's~Almaty de
inhabitants~habitants
shimmers~miroite
excise's~excise's
faro~faro
dreamboat~dreamboat
Spencerian~spencérien
uninterruptible~ininterruptible
expertly~expertly
uninhabited~inhabité
scarpered~scarpered
overambitious~trop ambitieux
boredom~ennui
unloveliest~unloveliest
steakhouse~steak House
nobs~rupins
surgical~chirurgical
entice~entice
disincline~disincline
rubbish's~Années ordures
chieftain~chef de clan
lapdog's~de bichon
realm~domaine
gait~gait
Re~Ré
leggy~aux longues jambes
superabundance's~surabondante de
apse~abside
xviii~xviii
reeve's~Reeve de
balustrades~balustres
polio's~polio de
pseudonym~pseudonyme
sister~sœur
Adams's~Adams de
complicates~complique
fleetingness's~fleetingness's
ratchet's~années cliquet
dunce~dunce
Kelli's~Kelli de
Carlene~Carlene
imperturbable~imperturbable
Liston~Liston
fashion~fashion
communicator~communicateur
idolises~idolâtre
disinclines~disinclines
Pope's~Pope
Stengel's~Stengel de
quotability~citabilité
lama's~Dalai de
Kiribati's~Kiribati de
moonlighter's~moonlighter de
disgust~disgust
cure~cure
Anglicism~anglicisme
Marlon~Marlon
foursome's~foursome's
demimonde's~demimonde's
magnetisable~aimanté
demurred~demurred
evenly~evenly
frigged~frigged
beeline~ligne droite
grandson's~grandson's
fascinate~fascinate
respray~faire la peinture de
denunciation's~denunciation's
stoicism~stoïcisme
solemnly~solennellement
condemned~condamné
misalliance's~mésalliance de
Sofia~Sofia
clanking~tintement
shutout~exclure
maturate~maturate
pry's~levier de
nighties~Nuisettes
RD~RD
gradualness's~gradualness's
bedspread's~Années couvre-lit
Dan~Dan
perpetuation's~la perpétuation de
Realtor~Agent immobilier
slashing~sabrer
representative~représentant
rodents~rongeurs
harvested~récoltées
nonpartisan~impartial
stridden~enjambé
convalescence~convalescence
compactness's~compacité de
shrivelling~flétrissement
encodes~encodes
alive~vivant
polyphony's~polyphonie de
bearlike~d'ours
footballer~footballer
Rama~Rama
DDS's~DDS de
humanoid's~humanoïde
biology's~de la biologie
airworthiness's~navigabilité de
mashes~purées
automatic's~automatique de
apprehensiveness's~de apprehensiveness
jinrikisha's~jinrikisha de
fired~fired
deaths~deaths
abacus~abaque
Pershing~Pershing
hellions~Hellions
unlatch~ouvrir
MacArthur's~MacArthur de
flashguns~flashguns
leasing~location
Buick~Buick
sleight's~de prestidigitation
autumns~automnes
commercialism's~de mercantilisme
skylark~alouette
abolitionism~abolitionnisme
regionalism~régionalisme
tarantellas~tarentelles
Louvre~Persienne
plainly~clairement
boast's~se vanter de
japanned~japanned
wren's~WREN
Onegin's~Onéguine de
DPT~DTCoq
thunderclaps~tonnerres
Abe~Abe
plumpness~plumpness
book~livre
rarefying~raréfiante
congregationalism's~de congrégationalisme
jigger's~turlutte de
doth~doth
weirder~plus étrange
Ashkenazim~Ashkénazes
Gandalf's~Gandalf
uncommunicative~peu communicatif
clubfoot's~de clubfoot
Dick~Queue
thickenings~épaississements
course's~course's
northeast's~au nord-est de
bookstalls~bouquinistes
Swaziland's~Swaziland de
Amos~Amos
unsteadier~unsteadier
peek's~Peek
flickering~flickering
Caiaphas~Caïphe
soppiest~soppiest
dyslexia~dyslexia
crowd's~crowd's
cartoonist's~caricaturiste de
juvenile's~juvénile de
paleographer~paléographe
Ebonics's~Ebonics de
HSBC's~HSBC de
solstice~solstice
dumpers~dumpers
septicaemia's~Années septicémies
insidious~insidieux
stately~majestueux
knifing~knifing
McIntosh's~McIntosh
Wilburn's~Wilburn de
snort~renifler
landslip~glissement de terrain
forego~forego
flings~flings
simpered~minauda
lb~kg
outreach~sensibilisation
intensities~intensités
swatters~tapettes
spewed~craché
rosins~colophanes
Watts~watts
flankers~flankers
obsidian's~obsidienne
virtuous~vertueux
induct~installer
Colon's~Colon de
waverer's~velléitaire de
vetted~Info brute
existentialist~existentialist
isn't~n'est pas
filler~filler
Indianan~Indianan
monologist~monologueur
amortisation's~l'amortissement de
attender~Attender
Billie's~Billie
magnifier's~loupe de
enforcement's~enforcement's
arums~arums
hound~chien
circulation~circulation
decreasingly~decreasingly
Giselle's~Giselle de
wariness's~de méfiance
offenders~délinquants
flatcars~flatcars
Perelman's~Perelman de
steer's~orienter de
refugees~réfugiés
periodontal~parodontal
panels~panneaux
molecularity~molécularité
Shell's~Coquilles
pounding's~de marteler
Semite's~sémite de
kibbling~Le concassage
paints~des peintures
pinochle's~pinochle de
waggery~blague
tyrannies~tyrannies
fetal~fetal
bdrm~bdrm
shitheads~connards
chickenshits~chickenshits
colander's~passoire de
Guevara's~Guevara
gentrification's~gentrification's
rambler's~rambler de
smallholder~petit propriétaire
bosom's~sein de
doddery~doddery
lesson's~cours
angst~Angst
cinema~cinéma
freakier~freakier
ruddiest~ruddiest
hairiest~hairiest
sundries's~Années Sundries
Donald~Donald
gobs~gobs
yukky~yukky
Prado~Prado
benchmarks~repères
bullpen's~releveurs des années
exponent~exponent
whistler's~siffleur de
delude~delude
slicer's~slicer
scrammed~scrammed
deaves~deaves
spur's~éperons
Minnelli's~Minnelli de
Meyer~Meyer
uplands~hautes terres
noncredit~obtention de crédits
thirst's~la soif de
undoubtedly~indubitablement
Abyssinian's~Années Abyssinie
nympho~nympho
urinary~urinaire
abnegation's~de l'abnégation
poll's~les sondages
nascent~naissant
stetsons~Stetson
scimitar's~cimeterre de
prescient~prescient
suppliant's~de suppliante
barrettes~barettes
retained~retenu
Revelation's~révélation de
generally~generally
jollification's~jollification de
Kathie~Kathie
tangiest~tangiest
Caspian's~années Caspienne
stagehand's~machiniste de
objected~objecté
tactility~tactilité
wellness~bien-être
bubbles~bulles
sherbet's~Années Sorbet
pardoners~Pardoners
unreality~irréalité
diminutive~diminutive
peepshows~peepshows
Delmar's~Delmar de
annuls~annule
vestibules~vestibules
Schweppes~schweppes
obdurateness~obdurateness
Newfoundland's~Terre-Neuve de
mendacious~mensonger
monsignor~monsignor
modal~modal
tenants~locataires
declarers~declarers
noncommercial's~non commerciales de
alkalinity~alcalinité
Reginae~reginae
supplies~Provisions
Ophiuchus~Ophiuchus
caterers~traiteurs
unprepared~non préparé
befell~advint
Lancaster~Lancaster
drinks~drinks
frustration's~frustration's
deadheaded~deadheaded
ineptness~ineptie
Evian~Evian
snuggling~blottir
voices~voix
divert~divert
chastity~chasteté
riptide~contre-courant
passwords~Les mots de passe
tenaciousness~tenaciousness
unlabelled~non marqué
transcendent~transcendant
engrave~engrave
SGML's~SGML de
marvels~merveilles
soliloquises~soliloquises
fleshier~fleshier
Arturo's~Arturo de
disconnections~disconnections
speleological~spéléologique
Wheeler's~Wheeler
Keillor's~Keillor de
sophomore's~étudiant en deuxième année de
mar~mar
rankings~classements
burly~de forte carrure
Curry's~curry
foreskin's~foreskin's
pupa's~chrysalide de
Machiavelli~Machiavel
rec's~rec de
quintessentially~quintessenciellement
risen~augmenté
visualisation~visualisation
deploys~deploys
interpreter~interprète
internment~internement
oases~oasis
Sharon~Sharon
Kirsten~Kirsten
relighting~rallumage
transmuting~transmuter
mentality~mentalité
coenobites~cénobites
reasonable~raisonnable
minders~assistantes maternelles
apparatus~appareil
filliping~filliping
deviance's~deviance's
Kaposi's~Kaposi
Punjab's~Punjab de
Heracles~Heracles
acrobatics's~de acrobatiques
appalling~épouvantable
adenoid's~végétations adénoïdes
crudely~crudely
unwilling~peu disposé
reminder~rappel
uncured~non vulcanisé
puncture~crevaison
commemorating~commémorant
doodling~doodling
PIN~ÉPINGLE
empyrean's~empyrean's
Kaohsiung's~Kaohsiung de
foreman's~foreman's
jousters~jouteurs
pan~casserole
scrunchy~scrunchy
delphinium's~delphinium's
wittered~wittered
commissars~commissaires
discretion~discretion
montage~montage
conspicuous~visible
civility's~de civilité
Oriya's~Oriya de
outwearing~outwearing
den~den
catacombs~catacombes
alkaline~alcalin
Walpurgisnacht's~Walpurgisnacht de
cleanliness's~la propreté de
dioxide's~dioxide's
downtrodden~downtrodden
recolonised~recolonisé
hagiography's~hagiography's
vitriolically~vitriolically
ampicillin~ampicilline
Karaganda's~Karaganda de
useful~utile
Danial's~Danial de
filmier~filmier
incendiary~incendiaire
watercolours~aquarelles
Kiowa's~Kiowa de
transits~transits
gritted~gritted
Edith~Edith
lapse~laps
heavy~lourd
Hilda's~Hilda
rephrased~reformulée
liberalises~libéralise
westernisation~occidentalisation
overload's~surcharge de
runoffs~ruissellements
vegetarian's~végétariens de
calico's~calicot de
hillside's~colline de
bonce~Bonce
graduate's~graduate's
trunk's~les troncs
blastoff~être mis à feu
smallpox~variole
graveness~graveness
execration's~execration's
reader~lecteur
leasehold~bail
airlock's~airlock de
immediately~immédiatement
habitualness~habitualness
dangling~dangling
undiluted~non dilué
vitrifaction's~vitrification de
Baath's~Baas de
efficacy~efficacy
shirks~se dérobe
Gauls~Gaulois
crowfeet~crowfeet
supp~supp
swoops~swoops
weights~poids
defeatist~defeatist
transvestism~travestisme
cutoffs~cutoffs
tuckered~Tuckered
krone's~krone de
philharmonics~philharmoniques
repaints~repeint
ungainliest~ungainliest
sentimentality~sentimentalité
debility~debility
reelecting~réélisant
yeomanry's~de yeomanry
redacting~caviardage
sequencing's~Le séquençage de
Arabist's~arabisante de
Zubeneschamali's~Années Zubeneschamali
adjusts~Permet de régler
laws~lois
generalissimos~generalissimos
bollards~bollards
reappraises~réévalue
renewing~renouvellement
beagles~beagles
operation's~opération de
inferior~inférieur
curiousness's~curiousness's
Commons~Chambre des communes
tiramisu~tiramisu
front~front
transformers~transformateurs
payoff~payer
divesting~divesting
transfusion's~de transfusion
friends~friends
dumpling's~dumpling's
Halifax~Halifax
glossary~glossary
earthlier~earthlier
arranged~disposé
tactility's~de tactilité
diviner's~diviner's
waitstaff~personnel d'attente
constable's~Constable
stratosphere~stratosphère
inflictive~inflictive
commuting~déplacements
deadlock's~deadlock's
reproachable~reprochable
shame~la honte
humpbacks~bossus
Fafnir~Fafnir
consolidate~consolider
tarsal's~tarsien de
fantasise~fantasise
inadvisability's~de inopportunité
buss~buss
Capote~Capote
abscissas~abscisas
Assad's~Assad
obsessing~obsédante
shortened~raccourcie
Segundo~Segundo
Alice~Alice
sojourners~Séjourneurs
contenders~contenders
apostates~apostats
distastefulness~distastefulness
orbit~orbite
official~officiel
endocrinologist~endocrinologist
repayment's~remboursement de
huntress's~chasseresse de
sputtering~pulvérisation cathodique
launderer~blanchisseur
Luke's~Luke
return's~résultats
rimless~cerclées
housetops~toits
ponderer's~pondérer de
prolongation's~prolongation de
blotched~tachetée
purchased~acheté
skirting~plinthe
semibreve~semibreve
guardian's~guardian's
currant's~currant's
assures~assure
outshouts~outshouts
antigenicity's~de antigénicité
wholesaling~le commerce de gros
thumbprints~empreintes de pouce
Brendan's~Brendan
Malinda~Malinda
Spinoza's~Spinoza
bypath's~de bypath
rampaging~déchaînés
thighs~les cuisses
guillemot~guillemot
speediness~speediness
scaremonger's~de scaremonger
resolve's~Resolve
nonliving~nonliving
lacerate~lacérer
overcautious~frileux
directors~directors
UV~UV
dispensed~dispensed
inbreeds~inbreeds
diffracting~diffracting
resented~ressentiment
backstairs~escalier de service
refinements~raffinements
midweek's~en milieu de semaine de
camouflaged~camouflé
composure's~de sang-froid
inhalants~inhalées
endangers~endangers
metronome's~métronome de
pestered~importunés
Leibniz's~Leibniz
headlocks~cornadis
babble's~brouhaha de
tenpin's~de tenpin
admitted~admis
Romans's~Romains de
INS~INS
assure~assurer
gurgle~gurgle
factorials~factorials
mayhem~grabuge
deformation's~deformation's
tepid~tiède
herald's~héraut de
dairy~dairy
eventuality's~eventuality's
diskette~diskette
unseats~déloge
physique~physique
bodyguard's~garde du corps
stove~poêle
soybean~soja
voraciousness's~de voracité
reinoculate~reinoculate
Melanesia~Mélanésie
filmiest~filmiest
annotators~annotateurs
wren~roitelet
bayonet~baïonnette
carpetbag's~de sac de voyage en tissu
trilled~trilles
paymasters~caissiers
subheadings~sous-titres
wringer's~de essoreuse
blacklist's~liste noire de
counterpoise~counterpoise
Kewpie~Kewpie
presiding~président
Angola's~Angola de
scam's~escroquerie de
Delmarva~Delmarva
wrens~roitelets
overreach~overreach
September's~septembre de
abolish~abolir
painkiller's~de antidouleur
moment~moment
average~moyenne
misconception~idée fausse
guard~guard
Joe's~Joe
thinner's~diluant
undying~éternel
expediter~expediter
matzoh's~Années azyme
biodegrades~biodégrade
reinforcing~renforcer
interdicts~interdits
snafus~snafus
midway's~à mi-chemin de
restrictive~contraignant
won't~habitude
Manilas~manilles
riffraff's~Années RiffRaff
lagoons~lagunes
flyway~flyway
steam's~de vapeur
speechlessness's~de speechlessness
residue's~résidus de
ghostliness's~ghostliness's
Librium's~de Librium
whitens~blanchisse
snippier~snippier
abstraction~abstraction
cheapskates~radins
statuary's~statuaire de
immunologist's~immunologiste de
modes~modes
manages~gère
pistol~pistolet
Aristides's~Années Aristides
abasing~avilissant
bewhiskered~barbu
Havarti's~Années Havarti
cottonseeds~cottonseeds
cumulatively~cumulatively
rumba's~rumba de
sentencing~détermination de la peine
lasting~durable
spurned~dédaigné
expiatory~expiatory
cognoscente's~Années cognoscente
Augusta~Augusta
semiconductor~semi-conducteur
elasticises~elasticises
androgyny's~androgynie de
payroll's~de la masse salariale
ENE's~ENE de
fabulous~fabulous
excessively~excessively
woodcarvers~woodcarvers
chad~Tchad
legibility~lisibilité
sadness's~la tristesse de
repined~réépinglé
Poltava's~Poltava de
placebo's~placebo de
troglodytes~troglodytes
tasers~tasers
explode~explode
humaner~humaner
wealthiness~opulence
boudoir's~de boudoir
fertiliser~fertiliser
satinwoods~satinwoods
apparatus's~appareil de
wandering~errant
taxer's~de taxateur
portulaca~portulaca
ills~maux
discos~discos
debrief~debrief
petrified~pétrifié
presidium~présidium
lucubrate~lucubrate
baroness~baronne
views~vues
freed~freed
hornblende's~Années hornblende
bathrobe~peignoir de bain
neurons~neurones
Mauser~Mauser
fussier~fussier
brownfield~friches industrielles
Bertillon's~Bertillon de
exec~exec
deprivation's~deprivation's
galoot's~galoot's
hurt~blesser
dumpsters~dumpsters
raciness~verve
crew~crew
cobnut~cobnut
yer~yer
bovine's~bovine de
Nicola's~Nicola de
deferred~deferred
photocells~photocellules
foreknowledge~foreknowledge
abbreviated~abrégé
cerebrums~cerebrums
bar~bar
humility's~de l'humilité
lithospheres~lithosphères
streak~traînée
bastions~bastions
fidelity's~fidelity's
sculptors~sculpteurs
eta~eta
contravention~contravention
longsighted~presbyte
faucet~faucet
bumpy~cahoteux
lotto~loto
uprightly~avec droiture
acceleration~accélération
Rodriguez~Rodriguez
adj~adj
giddiest~giddiest
telecommuting's~de télétravail
casserole's~casserole de
frizz's~frizz's
Serra's~Serra de
opiates~opiacés
headshrinker~Headshrinker
sky's~ciel de
glacier~glacier
punch~coup de poing
stiffed~stiffed
knew~a connu
butting~aboutement
uptempo~uptempo
Frankfurter's~Frankfurter de
censorship~la censure
sociable~sociable
tootling~tootling
Nipponese~Nippons
transitionally~transitoirement
slat's~lattes
Ionics~Ionics
acyclovir's~acyclovir de
prefecture~Préfecture
megaphoning~megaphoning
fitment~fitment
deprecatory~deprecatory
undercut's~de contre-dépouille
hoard~magot
ruthenium's~ruthénium de
persimmon's~plaqueminier de
flounders~flounders
rehabs~rehabs
shinnies~shinnies
Nikki~Nikki
seceded~cécession
semaphored~semaphored
canto~chant
toddle~se trotter
proselytised~prosélytisme
megapixels~mégapixels
Jeep's~Jeep de
sulky~boudeur
tradespeople~commerçants
glam~glam
node's~noeud de
flow's~flow's
advertisement~publicité
millibar~millibar
reproducer's~de reproducer
glister~glister
jiggers~turluttes
unspent~non dépensé
reconstitution~reconstitution
strengthened~renforcé
duplicators~duplicators
buffer~tampon
Pakistani's~pakistanais
Preminger~Preminger
Dix~Dix
toccata~toccata
Valarie~Valarie
obese~obèse
oratory's~Oratoire
underwritten~prise ferme
horsewoman's~de cavalière
downtrends~downtrends
toothache~mal aux dents
extinguishable~extinguishable
recces~reco
corrie~corrie
seated~assise
shockingly~terriblement
typecasting~typecasting
polymerisation's~polymérisation de
chuck's~Chuck
roundworm's~Années ascaris
vindictiveness's~de vindictiveness
songbook~recueil de chansons
Laurel~Laurier
roastings~torréfactions
clip's~Clip de
split's~scission de
pompano~pompano
general's~general's
defrost~defrost
disagrees~disagrees
Gaulish~gauloises
mainmast~grand mât
backstretches~backstretches
core~core
betwixt~entre
complementary~complémentaire
inchoate~fruste
basketball~basketball
annulled~annulé
fireplace~fireplace
doyens~doyens
fuehrers~fuehrers
Buddha~Bouddha
weakening~affaiblissement
jacking~jacking
Correggio's~Correggio de
aureoles~auréoles
huzzah's~huzzah de
corries~corries
dredges~dredges
outflow's~sortie de
Janna~Janna
Riley~Riley
unalloyed~sans mélange
evensong~evensong
overrules~outrepasse
comity~courtoisie
negation~négation
uniformity~uniformité
slugger~cogneur
cave's~caverne
edgier~edgier
trouser~pantalon
demimondaine's~demimondaine's
meditations~méditations
Holloway~Holloway
caverns~cavernes
VP~VP
valiance's~Bravoure de
Ines~Ines
cavernously~cavernously
grafting~grafting
disgust's~disgust's
assigning~attribuer
prosody~prosodie
Percheron's~Années percherons
arrived~arrivée
waitpersons~waitpersons
Wright~Wright
joke~blague
Vijayawada's~vijayawada de
casualty's~victime de
Asperger's~le syndrome d'Asperger
gewgaw's~gewgaw's
firestorm's~firestorm's
peripheral~périphérique
deselecting~deselecting
gnarl's~gnarl's
prefabbing~prefabbing
diatoms~diatoms
colloquialism~expression familière
slabbing~dallage
Mara's~Mara de
hamlet's~hamlet's
helpmate~aide
easy~easy
Apollinaire's~Apollinaire
sidestrokes~sidestrokes
estrangement's~estrangement's
nuncios~nonces
reclaims~récupère
nicking~entailler
Aureomycin's~Aureomycin de
stouthearted~vaillant
Bartok's~Bartok
fabulously~fabulously
friar~friar
candlepower's~candelas de
Panza~Panza
disappointment's~disappointment's
scandalmonger's~de médisante
gobbler~gobbler
foreshortening~foreshortening
cheapest~moins cher
doodler's~doodler's
consistence~consistance
choirmaster's~maître de chapelle de
reviser~réviseur
Starr's~Starr
rewashing~relaver
studlier~studlier
exclusiveness~exclusiveness
homework~devoirs
numbers~Nombres
schuss's~schuss de
stemware~stemware
diversity~diversity
bluebird~oiseau bleu
reconnaissance~reconnaissance
feared~feared
deliberation~deliberation
democracy's~democracy's
trollop~catin
sits~assis
Baath~Baas
analytic~analytique
Idahoan's~Idahoan de
reshapes~remodèle
need's~Besoins
Glenda's~Glenda de
halting~halting
Albany's~Albany de
cluster's~groupe sectoriel
neatest~neatest
Novgorod~Novgorod
note~Remarque
Hay~Foins
sorters~trieurs
termination's~la fin de
forefront~forefront
redecorated~redécoré
TESOL~TESOL
Nissan~Nissan
Nereid's~de Néréide
caterer~traiteur
complex~complexe
Lumiere's~Lumiere de
Minos's~Minos de
lushness~luxuriance
raga's~Années raga
urethra's~urètre de
smokescreen~écran de fumée
Gage's~Gage
tipple's~Années Tipple
submissiveness's~de submissiveness
interpretative~interprétatif
slavers~slavers
overcapitalised~surcapitalisée
expunges~expunges
historiography's~historiographie de
Latino~Latino
phototypesetting~photocomposition
outrageously~outrageusement
YMCA~YMCA
heal~guérir
mantelshelves~mantelshelves
bottleneck~goulot
muffled~étouffé
snidely~snidely
Masonite~Masonite
Darwinist~darwiniste
staffer's~membre du personnel de
Dana's~Dana de
peacocks~paons
ravager~Ravageur
Piaget~Piaget
riverbanks~berges
ravages~ravages
unstable~instable
Diefenbaker's~Diefenbaker
knucklehead's~knucklehead de
boxwood's~Années buis
guttiest~guttiest
normalises~normalisera
everglade~everglade
cockscomb~crête de coq
degradation's~degradation's
constraint~contrainte
oratorical~oratoire
unworldly~peu réaliste
gargles~gargles
speedboat's~bateau rapide de
stale~vicié
toggle's~bascule de
Samsung~Samsung
tremor's~tremblements de
stimulants~stimulants
glassiness's~glassiness's
Bloom~Floraison
mistier~Mistler
encroachment~encroachment
clothing~Vêtements
nelson~nelson
hollers~hollers
Clorox's~Clorox de
zucchinis~courgettes
ducts~ducts
ensnaring~ensnaring
tipsily~tipsily
roar's~hurlez
muckraking~mise au jour de scandales
wallboard~wallboard
extracurricular~extracurricular
Terpsichore~Terpsichore
varies~varie
Rayburn's~Rayburn de
Marcos~Marcos
scalars~scalaires
esquires~esquires
Nestle~Se nicher
patchiest~patchiest
unresolved~non résolu
Alsop~Alsop
delicacy~delicacy
disembowelment~disembowelment
Chancellorsville's~Chancellorsville de
juror~juré
anklet~Bracelet de cheville
shanty~cabane
Burns's~de burns
assembler~assembleur
Hutchinson's~Hutchinson
unsaddle~desseller
compensation's~de compensation
comprehensiveness's~l'intégralité de
neonates~nouveau-nés
moors~landes
cloak~manteau
insurrection~insurrection
devilishness's~devilishness's
utensils~ustensiles
legato's~legato de
pushover's~Années Pushover
communicates~communique
squishier~squishier
quest's~quête de
wetters~wetters
eruption's~eruption's
flat's~flat's
Anzac's~Anzac de
searingly~searingly
humanised~humanisé
bantamweight~poids coq
prostitute~prostituée
notability~notabilité
brusque~brusque
Palermo~Palerme
exurbanite's~exurbanite's
fables~fables
misappropriated~appropriation illicite
medievalist's~de médiéviste
sailing~voile
necessary~nécessaire
easiness~easiness
nameplate~plaque signalétique
parenthesises~parenthesises
clue~indice
fuzzily~fuzzily
thread~fil
Wii~Wii
landing's~Landing
soliloquise~soliloquise
Grimes's~Grimes de
citizen~citoyen
abysmally~épouvantablement
imparted~impartie
horseshoeing~maréchalerie
intercollegiate~intercollégial
uninfected~non infecté
familiars~familiars
schooner's~goélette de
postural~postural
infiltrators~les Infiltrés
spat's~naissain de
melody's~mélodie de
fruiterer~fruiterer
perdition~perdition
nonoperative~nonoperative
firewood~firewood
penitence's~de pénitences
supersaturating~sursaturation
sadism's~de sadisme
curliness~curliness
socket's~prise de
crosscut's~crosscut's
Hippocratic~hippocratique
Rodin's~Rodin
pros~avantages
muenster's~muenster de
knuckling~knuckling
ridiculousness~ridicule
caboodle~caboodle
garbage's~garbage's
wheelbase~empattement
open's~est ouvert
Hildebrand's~Hildebrand
jailers~geôliers
nihilist's~nihilistes de
interacted~interagi
malevolently~méchamment
soloist's~soliste de
horseback's~cheval de
aggressive~agressif
toreador~toréador
intersession~intersession
clarity~clarté
matins~matines
welcoming~accueillant
panicked~paniqué
circumstances~conditions
reboot~reboot
lineament~linéament
loincloth's~de loincloth
touchscreen's~écrans tactiles
protagonist~protagoniste
ghostly~ghostly
Diaspora~Diaspora
Rangoon~Rangoon
northers~Northers
sealers~scellants
flypapers~flypapers
resurrections~résurrections
mistreats~maltraite
nationalisation~nationalisation
baseboard's~carte de base de
reactivation's~réactivation de
corruptness's~corruptness's
collection's~collection de
deafening~deafening
outskirt's~faubourgs
characterises~Caractérise
nonsalaried~non salariés
separatist~séparatiste
munchies's~Années Munchies
complements~compléments
contraption~contraption
guiltier~guiltier
playlist~playlist
Warwick's~Warwick de
monetising~monétisation
paused~mis en pause
flubs~flubs
Sang's~Sang de
roughness's~rugosité de
practising~pratiquant
unsubscribe~Se désabonner
wart~verrue
sveltest~sveltest
eulogist's~eulogist's
monthly's~de chaque mois
Cyrillic's~cyrillique de
linearity~linéarité
lunkhead~imbécile
overlie~recouvrent
Frey's~Frey
deliberateness~deliberateness
anachronism's~anachronisme de
emetic's~emetic's
impanelled~impanelled
groped~groped
appreciatory~appreciatory
Bendix~Bendix
razz's~Années Razz
glans~glans
hatred~haine
trifles~bagatelles
pulped~dépulpé
entourages~entourages
paschal~pascal
markups~marges bénéficiaires
strung~Strung
snarls~vrilles
traditions~traditions
hellion~Hellion
chaises~Méridiennes
piing~Piing
spewers~spewers
O'Hara's~O'Hara
Carolingian~carolingienne
Eris~Eris
prefectures~préfectures
anthropology's~anthropologie de
Md~Maryland
stagiest~stagiest
Cisco~Cisco
press~presse
satellite~Satellite
beneficent~bienfaisant
armchair's~les fauteuils
Ivan's~Ivan
flowerbeds~flowerbeds
semidarkness~semi-obscurité
demisters~demisters
raviolis~raviolis
snappishness~snappishness
peppered~poivré
spiffing~spiffing
oik~oik
clerks~greffiers
conduct's~conduite de
chummier~chummier
uneconomical~peu rentable
drat~drat
Gwalior's~Gwalior de
pine~pin
disarmed~disarmed
grinding~grinding
Millikan~Millikan
preparedness~état de préparation
crosspieces~crosspieces
aerie~aire
Mel's~Mel
majority's~majorité de
mixing~mélange
tougheners~durcisseurs
confab~conciliabule
castes~castes
greediness~greediness
organiser~organisateur
Pennsylvanian~Pennsylvanien
nodules~nodules
diverticulitis~diverticulitis
Bantu's~Années Bantous
execrates~execrates
croaked~croaked
maddeningly~exaspérante
transistorising~transistorising
galvanism's~galvanism's
ideograph's~idéogramme de
crispest~crispest
Sacajawea's~Sacajawea de
remunerated~rétribué
blighters~blighters
Colombo's~Colombo de
badgered~harcelées
contrarians~contrarians
extramarital~extramarital
spirochaete's~spirochète de
operation~opération
learnt~appris
sheepfold's~de bergeries
Youngstown's~Youngstown de
coachman~cocher
Biro~Stylo à bille
archdukes~archiducs
tilt's~tilt
eunuch~eunuch
injurious~préjudiciable
suffixes~suffixes
remanded~détention préventive
reemphasising~reemphasising
lustre~lustre
pockmarking~pockmarking
drain's~drain's
freeware's~freeware's
appreciates~apprécie
bedder~femme de ménage
footfalls~footfalls
charwoman~femme de ménage
Kaufman's~Kaufman
nitrate~nitrate
Islamabad's~Islamabad de
dwarfism's~dwarfism's
trusted~de confiance
bacteriology~bactériologie
abrasiveness's~abrasivité de
Pantaloon's~Pantalon
crenellation's~crenellation's
week's~semaines
souping~Souping
escapements~escapements
proletariat's~prolétariat de
receptionist's~réceptionniste de
structure~structure
Argentinian's~argentine de
uplifting~édifiant
Alaric's~Alaric
yoking~atteler
scariness~frayeur
Caledonia~Calédonie
Alger's~Alger de
poplin~popeline
elusiveness~elusiveness
griefs~griefs
turfed~gazonné
muumuu's~Années Muumuu
blustering~fanfaron
upheaval's~bouleversement de
sarsaparillas~sarsaparillas
picayune~mesquin
superscript~superscript
Olympics's~Jeux Olympiques de
recombined~recombinée
Abrams's~Abrams de
Scarlatti's~Scarlatti
hockshop~hockshop
transmigrating~transmigration
Graffias~Graffias
kneel~s'agenouiller
Trevelyan~Trevelyan
Englishwoman's~Englishwoman de
unsupported~non pris en charge
backups~sauvegardes
tardy~tardif
permeation~pénétration
Mephisto~Mephisto
jackknifing~jackknifing
solemnity~solennité
ricing~ricing
shortfall's~déficit de
Phoenix~Phénix
depressant's~depressant's
mamba's~Années mamba
whippoorwill~engoulevent
attitudinises~attitudinises
rain's~des pluies
wetware~wetware
Waikiki's~Waikiki de
earnest's~earnest's
hydroplane~hydroglisseur
Lusitania~Lusitania
enjoyment's~enjoyment's
keg~tonnelet
clod~motte de terre
quid's~quid de
novel's~des romans
brick's~brique de
foreboding's~foreboding's
headphone's~écouteurs
forename~forename
bigwig's~Années Bigwig
Thant's~Thant de
Russel~Russel
oilcloths~toiles cirées
smallholders~les petits exploitants
accidents~les accidents
Ayyubid~ayyoubide
lawmakers~législateurs
tiresomeness~tiresomeness
fulfilment~fulfilment
distend~distend
biopsy~biopsie
wadge~Wadge
polemic~polémique
sauteing~faire sauter
outshout~de bruit
rollicked~rollicked
puerility's~de puérilité
anticyclone~anticyclone
jockey's~jockey de
Odessa's~Odessa de
securer~securer
lutes~luths
status~statut
housecoats~housecoats
watchmen~veilleurs
however~toutefois
sobriquet's~Années Sobriquet
wows~wows
depopulating~depopulating
Wei's~Wei
chantey~chanson de marin
tropism~tropisme
foals~foals
demur's~demur's
unexpressed~inexprimé
Otis's~Otis de
Garfunkel's~Années Garfunkel
pascals~pascals
factually~factually
anaerobe~anaérobe
Olivia's~Olivia
dignity's~dignity's
altitudes~altitudes
responsibility~responsabilité
riverbed's~lit de la rivière de
condensates~condensats
ureter's~de l'uretère
Ebony's~Ebony de
jockeying~manigances
taxicab's~taxis
heatstroke~coup de chaleur
barque~barque
expiation~expiation
hurries~se précipite
manganese~manganèse
fisheries~fisheries
baggiest~baggiest
fawners~fawners
twisted~tordu
concealment~dissimulation
floodgates~floodgates
sundowns~Sundowns
hanker~hanker
topicality~actualité
Hamiltonian's~hamiltonien de
youngster~enfant
Midland's~Midland de
Holloway's~Holloway de
rook~tour
birding~birding
carters~charretiers
Nev's~Nev de
herdsmen~pâtres
bowlfuls~bolées
contagiously~contagiously
mdse~MDSE
pussy's~la chatte
practically~pratiquement
Elbrus's~Elbrus de
crud~crud
referential~référentielle
stupidity's~la bêtise de
sofa's~canapés
bellman~groom
unmarred~unmarred
teared~dechire
ideological~idéologique
obstinacy's~l'obstination de
reseal~reboucher
showstoppers~showstoppers
revelation's~la révélation de
frisked~frisked
Namibia~Namibie
Aquinas's~Thomas d'Aquin de
parochial~paroissial
fay's~fay's
reembarked~rembarquâmes
mayhem's~Mayhem de
misinforms~désinforme
Nathans's~Nathans de
Zwingli~Zwingli
Catskill's~Catskill de
lodging~hébergement
reformulation~reformulation
kicker~botteur
surpluses~excédents
neutralisers~neutralisateurs
archfiends~archfiends
Aleut's~aleut de
erect~erect
gambols~gambols
sinecures~sinécures
unscrews~dévisse
opossum~opossum
levy~prélèvement
pessimists~pessimistes
illumines~illumine
weightlessness~apesanteur
pontifical~pontifical
March's~mars de
first's~first's
unconcern's~unconcern de
takeoff~décollage
restrains~retient
perennial's~de vivaces
Reeves's~Reeves de
memorabilia's~souvenirs de
Ronny's~Ronny de
peskiness's~peskiness de
redevelopment's~réaménagement de
Sheridan~Sheridan
will~volonté
intensifier~intensificateur
greener~greener
barbarised~barbarised
smoker's~les fumeurs
Heine~Heine
graduated~graduated
idiocy~idiotie
Jacobson's~Jacobson
saboteur's~saboteur de
cue~cue
disturbingly~disturbingly
mannequin~mannequin
pleasuring~pleasuring
whelp's~de roquet
ruminative~méditatif
interrogatory's~de demandes de renseignements
Lyly's~Lyly de
demagogy's~demagogy's
astonishingly~étonnamment
sojourner~sojourner
differentials~differentials
elastics~elastics
courthouse~courthouse
valveless~sans soupape
parliament's~Parlement de
ballerinas~ballerines
unquestioned~incontesté
Helsinki~Helsinki
brisket's~de poitrail
anathematises~anathematises
Socratic's~socratique de
vehicles~Véhicules
sating~assouvissement
merchandisers~marchandiseurs
returning~retour
weathercocks~girouettes
subheading's~sous-position de
Chechen's~tchétchène de
Streisand~Streisand
prostate's~prostate de
facecloth~facecloth
prepossesses~prepossesses
violating~violant
loamier~loamier
ostensibly~en apparence
panelled~lambrissée
typo~faute de frappe
tomatoes~tomates
pedicures~pédicures
transportable~transportable
batteries~batteries
McConnell~McConnell
lumbermen~bûcherons
factorisation~factorisation
Lancelot~Lancelot
tailwind~vent arrière
turquoise~turquoise
gargled~gargled
assay~essai
wickerwork's~Années vanneries
technocracy's~de la technocratie
ingesting~ingérant
soundscape~soundscape
XS~XS
misappropriation's~le détournement de
rebellion~rébellion
savvy's~avertis de
ducklings~ducklings
masterworks~Masterworks
globalism~globalism
infuriatingly~infuriatingly
bureaucratisation's~de bureaucratisation
blotting~blot
hybridising~hybridant
Gail's~Gail
formaldehyde~formaldehyde
wishfully~wishfully
chapeaus~chapeaus
compliments~compliments
snorkelled~snorkelled
supercharging~surcompression
moonbeams~moonbeams
primary~primaire
botch's~de bâcler
parasitic~parasite
muralists~muralistes
discourse~discourse
monomaniacal~monomaniaque
steward~intendant
ingrain~invétérer
mortars~mortiers
chattering~papotage
brochette~brochette
kerbing~kerbing
amps~ampère
tan~bronzer
comfy~confortable
behoved~behoved
peony's~pivoines de
woodworking's~travail du bois de
pooch's~toutou de
quittance's~quitus de
reviler's~de outrageux
Hyperion's~Hyperion de
downed~downed
scaled~escaladé
ecstatically~ecstatically
whisks~fouets
rejection's~le rejet par
denoted~denoted
berry's~baie de
Peale~Peale
Janna's~Janna de
crenellation~crenellation
godawful~godawful
lounging~flânant
Sherman's~Sherman
overabundance's~de surabondance
Libyan~libyen
conjunctivitis's~conjonctivite de
horsebox~vans
infamy~infamie
unmorality's~unmorality de
Forest's~Les forêts
punishing~punir
brainstorm's~Brainstorm de
deadpanning~deadpanning
damnation's~damnation's
Kathy~Kathy
barrage~barrage
Nome's~Nome de
misters~brumisateurs
filthiest~filthiest
reformulation's~reformulation
shackling~entravement
wig~perruque
impassivity~impassibilité
Xerox's~de Xerox
hooting~hululement
surprises~surprises
urologist~urologue
Xe~x €
Mohawks~Mohawks
tighter~plus serré
indwells~indwells
pillion~siège arrière
Andromache~Andromaque
disgrace's~disgrace's
massacring~massacrant
planeloads~planeloads
coins~pièces de monnaie
cascading~cascade
equipage~equipage
behemoths~mastodontes
superimposing~superposant
keynoting~Ajout de notes
junior~junior
Howe~Howe
anchorwomen~présentatrices
whaleboat's~de baleinier
urologist's~urologue de
atrophies~atrophies
itinerants~itinerants
foxfire~foxfire
calibrates~étalonne
fade~fade
outplayed~dominé
scapegoats~boucs émissaires
guest~guest
behalf~nom
spike's~sPIKE
Celtics~Celtics
Lemuria~Lemuria
bier~bière
entangles~entangles
Arabist~arabisant
Tutankhamen's~tutankhamen de
polyhedral~polyédrique
croak's~croak's
Dalian's~Dalian de
trampolining~trampolining
corporeality's~corporeality's
springlike~springlike
trumping~éclipsent
swordplay's~Cypher de
meany~meany
ascertainment's~de vérification
groove~groove
catchment's~bassin de
wittiness's~de wittiness
golfer's~golfer's
fabricator~fabricator
triumphantly~triomphalement
Greenlandic~groenlandais
underachieve~des résultats décevants
actual~réel
chowder's~chaudrée de
telegraphy~télégraphie
Eminence~Éminence
Christianity~Christianisme
amorality~amoralité
landslips~éboulements
Dickens's~Dickens
Ian's~Ian de
improvisation's~de l'improvisation
accessing~l'accès à
sconces~Sconces
loves~aime
morphing~morphing
telegram's~télégramme de
prognostics~pronostics
reddest~reddest
Islamist~islamiste
elucidate~elucidate
swoon's~pâmer de
riddance~débarras
proselytising~prosélytisme
invader's~envahisseurs
balloonist's~de aérostier
buys~buys
unhelpfully~unhelpfully
Somalian's~de Somalie
Japura's~Japura de
Lutherans~luthériens
unplugged~débranché
ripeness~maturité
feasible~feasible
haggardness~haggardness
affirmatives~affirmatives
nineteen's~dix-neuf ans de
reseeding~réensemencement
drillmaster's~drillmaster's
warning~Attention
Americanisation's~américanisation de
toughen~renforcer
finitely~finitely
conductors~conducteurs
DOS~DOS
clarions~clairons
pelvic~pelvien
icing's~cerise de
sore's~de douleurs
transpolar~transpolaires
radiosondes~radiosondes
peahens~paonnes
masquerading~masquerading
ominousness~ominousness
coalescence's~de coalescence
recipe~recette
housefly~housefly
godmothers~godmothers
larcenist~larcenist
visualises~visualise
Wrigley~Wrigley
polygamous~polygame
context~context
lassos~lassos
peculation's~de péculat
deceitfulness's~deceitfulness's
aria~aria
Shirley's~Shirley
ambrosia's~Années Ambrosia
steamed~à la vapeur
coke~du Coca
Harrods~Harrods
interloper~intrus
Hanukkah~Hanoukka
glide~glide
Winters's~Les hivers de
robbery's~de vol qualifié
woodbine~chèvrefeuille
inflammations~inflammations
impulse's~impulsion de
foreskin~foreskin
Cecil~Cecil
bask~chauffer
transition's~de transition
overgrazes~overgrazes
airbeds~airbeds
bluefish's~années Bluefish
wailer~wailer
desolateness~desolateness
instance~exemple
indomitably~invinciblement
Waikiki~Waikiki
superiority's~La supériorité des
hustle~bousculer
solitude~solitude
balustrade~balustrade
espaliers~espaliers
houseboy's~de houseboy
Candice~Candice
eclipsing~eclipsing
spirited~fougueux
Costco~Costco
triangulated~triangulé
demo's~demo's
importunity's~de importunité
swampy~marécageux
feistiest~feistiest
brace's~bretelles
fray's~fray's
Beatrix's~Beatrix de
baseboards~plinthe
duels~duels
demeaning~demeaning
baboons~babouins
woebegone~désolé
prepuces~prépuces
application~application
inception~début
souffle~souffle
sonic~sonique
translate~Traduire
gob's~gob's
windowless~sans fenêtre
yourself~toi même
determinedly~determinedly
rehoused~relogée
sparkiest~sparkiest
uninformed~mal informés
conservatory~conservatoire
contuse~contuse
Auschwitz~Auschwitz
countersignature's~countersignature's
smugness~suffisance
outcropping~affleurant
sandiness's~sableuse de
weaponize~weaponize
Italian~italien
homeboy's~de homeboy
finalist~finalist
perm's~perm de
sublet~sous-louer
typhoid's~la typhoïde de
monopoliser's~monopoliser de
misdiagnosed~mal diagnostiquée
filibusterer's~filibusterer's
sitcom's~de sitcom
tonearm~tonearm
spacewalking~sortie extravéhiculaire
arm~bras
gloved~gloved
Roberson's~Roberson de
against~contre
powder's~de poudre
mitred~mitré
woodworker~woodworker
mollification~mollification
classed~classé
competition~compétition
reinvestment's~le réinvestissement de
fern's~fern's
humankind~humanité
homeyness~homeyness
emcee~emcee
filial~filial
clumpier~clumpier
comer's~venu de
charges~des charges
prompt's~instructions
allegorist's~allégoriste de
prodigality~prodigalité
brogans~Brogans
chasm's~gouffre de
muskrat's~de rat musqué
suctions~succions
fanlight~fanlight
radicalised~radicalisé
guinea~guinea
kickback~contrecoup
augmentations~augmentations
gritty~gritty
singles's~de simples
materiel's~matériel années
scouring~récurage
disconnected~disconnected
ampule~ampule
routeing~acheminement
opium's~de l'opium
Yokohama~Yokohama
sectarians~sectateurs
alcove~alcôve
cloddish~gourde
Crichton's~Crichton
t~t
lied~menti
Kathmandu~Katmandou
aerodynamics~aérodynamique
concretion~concrétion
teeniest~teeniest
ninth~neuvième
recurrent~récurrent
hairbrushes~hairbrushes
laminate~stratifié
commissioned~commandé
rocky~rocheux
upbraid~reprocher
worship~culte
socks~chaussettes
compote's~compotée de
pachyderms~pachyderme
baroness's~Baronne de
hashish's~de haschich
petticoat~jupon
Tuscaloosa~Tuscaloosa
Agamemnon~Agamemnon
knacker~équarrisseur
octanes~octanes
digression's~digression's
anthropology~anthropologie
dawn~dawn
kale~chou frisé
butt~bout
ranter~énergumène
hummingbird~colibri
drawstring's~drawstring's
dynamics~dynamics
baluster's~Années balustre
Gallo~Gallo
displeased~displeased
screenwriting's~l'écriture de scénarios de
transsexualism's~de transsexualisme
roaching~roaching
intuitions~intuitions
Cliff~Falaise
technocrat's~de technocrate
Robles~Robles
undergrounds~undergrounds
decoupage's~decoupage's
inced~inced
reliably~fiable
tipple~picoler
sanctimonious~moralisateur
exurbs~exurbs
tweeds's~Années tweeds
dappling~dappling
Liverpool~Liverpool
teariest~teariest
carders~cardeurs
Asiatic~asiatique
Natchez's~natchez de
Argentine's~Argentine de
commodores~Commodores
Rhiannon's~Rhiannon de
corkage~corkage
impiety's~de impiétés
quarreller's~querelleur de
pedestal~piédestal
pathology's~la pathologie de
authoritarianism~autoritarisme
solicitation~sollicitation
smoothly~doucement
indeterminably~indeterminably
temperament's~son tempérament
timestamp~horodatage
Spanglish~Spanglish
orthopaedist's~orthopédiste de
combustible~combustible
premiering~avant-première
clunker~tacot
insolubility~insolubilité
purls~cannetilles
mutest~mutest
prissiest~prissiest
serf's~serf de
aeroplanes~avions
finishing~finishing
enrolment~enrolment
cotton~cotton
waistband's~ceinture de
Catherine~Catherine
seersucker's~de seersucker
regathering~regathering
Erik~Erik
farinaceous~farinaceous
imprudence~imprudence
simplification~simplification
reputed~réputé
nucleating~nucléant
Staten~Staten
covertness's~covertness's
unhitches~unhitches
lipstick's~rouge à lèvres de
oxidisation~oxydation
get~get
Ithacan~Ithaque
inwards~vers l'intérieur
cowhide's~cowhide's
truncate~tronquer
supernumerary's~de surnuméraire
chainsaw~scie à chaîne
immunodeficient~immunodéficientes
kookier~kookier
towel~serviette
nation's~nation de
vigilantly~vigilance
downgrades~downgrades
insinuator~Infinuant
Pauling's~Pauling de
Kieth's~Kieth de
Woolongong~Woolongong
momentum~élan
gaberdines~gaberdines
Motrin's~Motrin de
slumped~affalé
diploid's~diploid's
pollinate~féconder
depressurised~depressurised
Sardinia's~Sardaigne de
broccoli's~années brocoli
maleficent~maléfique
Ia~Ia
gateway~gateway
faultiness's~faultiness's
saltbox~saltbox
Nebuchadnezzar's~Nabuchodonosor de
roomers~chambreurs
ordinary's~ordinaires de
tow~remorquer
mammograms~mammographies
bisexually~bisexually
plantation~plantation
teethe~percer ses premières dents
bratwurst~bratwurst
cuteys~cuteys
sterility's~la stérilité de
navigating~navigation
fairylands~fairylands
Coulomb~Coulomb
WW~WW
explorer's~explorer's
tallness's~de tallness
premonition's~de prémonition
signpost~poteau indicateur
capitalism's~du capitalisme
catatonia~catatonie
Northwest~Nord Ouest
seventy~soixante-dix
excl~excl
livening~livening
jotting~griffonner
Reinaldo's~reinaldo de
acquisitiveness's~de thésaurisation
Tuamotu~Tuamotu
Ungava's~Ungava de
republic's~République de
Ceausescu's~ceausescu de
nonexistence's~de la non-existence
Eyck~Eyck
chlorinated~chlorés
canoeists~canoteurs
iridescence~irisation
Ste~Ste
Poincare~Poincare
peasant's~pAYSANS
purposed~proposais
leech's~sangsue de
robotising~robotisation
well~bien
goodbye~goodbye
luxuriation's~de luxuriation
wish~souhait
steppers~steppers
insertion's~insertion de
trammelling~trammelling
Huns~Huns
stickups~stickups
cruises~cruises
overcritical~trop critique
promotion~promotion
Gabriela's~Gabriela de
sunder~séparer
simplest~le plus simple
Parliament~Parlement
Ophelia~Ophélie
psychogenic~psychogène
expertise~expertise
phosphor~phosphore
moved~déplacé
venturesomeness~aventureux
overwhelmingly~une écrasante majorité
gloat's~gloat's
professionals~professionnels
prolonged~prolongé
Chicano~Chicano
ukase~ukase
Misty~Brumeux
preachers~prédicateurs
zippier~zippier
defeaters~defeaters
Sigmund's~Sigmund de
rotates~tourne
plantings~plantations
Vivekananda's~Vivekananda de
alcoves~alcôves
workarounds~solutions de contournement
vase's~vase de
scapegoat's~bouc émissaire
professing~professant
mishear~mal entendre
Nanchang's~Nanchang de
oratories~oratoires
dross's~dross's
dulled~dulled
proximal~proximal
triceps's~de triceps
Galois~Galois
maturated~maturée
gusset~gusset
seagull~mouette
CompuServe~CompuServe
bustiers~bustiers
devil's~devil's
gringo's~gringo's
Chaplin~Chaplin
dromedaries~dromedaries
artefacts~objets
Hessian~Toile de jute
circumflexes~circonflexes
neigh's~de Neigh
blowsiest~blowsiest
paragraphed~avec alinéas
vengeance's~la vengeance de
Ziggy~Ziggy
mercenary's~mercenaire de
libation's~de libation
woody~boisé
testatrix~testatrice
determining~determining
tyro~novice
bonnet~bonnet
imaginary~imaginaire
snobbier~snobbier
dun's~dun's
plantations~plantations
evensong's~evensong's
regencies~régences
divorce's~divorce's
slump~marasme
trope's~Années trope
anonymously~anonyme
barbwire~barbwire
flotsam~flotsam
whodunit~roman policier
conciliate~concilier
woodcutters~bucherons
Tessie's~Tessie de
stonewashed~stonewashed
lingerings~lenteurs
hospital~hôpital
Jefferey~Jefferey
solemness~solemness
hypocrisy~hypocrisie
shrivelled~ratatiné
attache's~Attachés de
sodomising~sodomiser
mastoid~mastoïde
gamiest~gamiest
compliment~compliment
Achilles's~Achille de
steppe's~steppe de
corrected~corrected
garaged~garaged
tappet~poussoir
obligingly~obligeamment
rescind~annuler
aide~aide
consummates~consummates
fiancees~fiancees
quahog's~quahog de
frizzle's~frizzle's
Minamoto~Minamoto
holes~des trous
intercessors~intercesseurs
Atlas's~Atlas des années
embarrass~embarrass
celebrated~célèbre
Shevat's~de Chevat
messmates~commensaux
Invar's~de Invar
deigns~deigns
Debian's~de Debian
Gaul's~Gaule de
Methuselah~Mathusalem
quote's~citation de
Gothic~gothique
elicitation~elicitation
butchery~boucherie
spiracle~stigmate
lout's~rustre de
paw's~patte de
mammoth's~mammouth de
destruction's~destruction's
Leona~Leona
dunk's~dunk's
lofty~élevé
uncertainty's~l'incertitude de
burp's~de burp
offline~hors ligne
comportment's~de comportment
tablespoonfuls~tablespoonfuls
crankiness~crankiness
reattained~atteint à nouveau
MI~MI
factory's~factory's
pericardium~péricarde
mansard~mansarde
Vorster's~Vorster de
gamesters~gamesters
westward~vers l'ouest
courtiers~courtiers
appointed~nommé
provocative~provocant
trotter~trotteur
necessitates~nécessite de
equity~equity
pewees~pewees
countenancing~countenancing
garrotes~garrotes
wire~câble
alfresco~en plein air
overachieves~overachieves
combustibility's~de combustibilité
Plexiglas's~Plexiglas
coast~côte
realists~réalistes
organist~organiste
Saarinen's~Saarinen de
caper's~câpres
Lynch~Lyncher
hillocks~buttes
carpals~carpiens
axially~axialement
Federal's~fédéral de
sheave~réa
rattlebrained~écervelé
yrs~ans
Jurassic~jurassique
nus~Nus
terseness~laconisme
bogies~bogies
deportations~deportations
virulence~virulence
slush's~la neige fondante de
mindlessness~mindlessness
Kwanzaas~Kwanzaas
philistine~Philistin
ecotourists~ecotourists
sweatbands~Bandeaux
astonishment~étonnement
alleges~allègue
titters~rires
lampblack~noir de fumée
Brussels~Bruxelles
latish~tardif
routs~déroutes
microwave's~micro-ondes de
forgetfully~forgetfully
Milton's~Milton
steal's~voler de
jail's~la prison de
Cains~Cains
porkers~gorets
parenthetical~parenthétique
Israelis~Israéliens
unafraid~sans peur
profligate~débauché
carryover~reporter
malting~maltage
Khoikhoi's~Khoikhoi de
coursework~coursework
spikiness~spikiness
indexing~indexage
quorum~quorum
Canaletto's~Canaletto de
dona's~dona's
gran~gran
Blackwell~Blackwell
gingery~gingery
arranging~arrangement
bemusedly~bemusedly
distrust~distrust
porno~porno
albs~albs
beetroot~betterave
ELF~ELFE
splint~éclisse
changeable~changeable
ramble's~ces divagations
animators~animateurs
prismatic~prismatique
maintainability~maintenabilité
given's~given's
coals~charbons
scholastic~scolaire
soundproof~insonoriser
malefactor's~de scélérat
Rochelle's~Rochelle de
cuckoos~cuckoos
jingoists~chauvins
traced~tracée
Ionic~Ionique
originally~initialement
disapprobation's~disapprobation's
cadaver's~de cadaver
arrhythmia's~arythmie de
confidantes~confidents
insect~insecte
divot's~divot's
who's~qui est
smallness~petitesse
pieces~des morceaux
preeminently~par excellence
Masai~Masai
avouched~avouched
shoeing~ferrer
TA~TA
tithes~dîmes
overruled~infirmée
palmtop~palmtop
captiousness~captiousness
activeness~activeness
boobing~boobing
concatenation's~concaténation de
coagulated~coagulé
Ewing's~Ewing
trout~truite
quinsy~amygdalite purulente
guff's~guff's
curacies~curacies
Harrison's~Harrison
beriberi~béribéri
lading's~de chargement
pertain~concernent
matzoh~azyme
fractal~fractal
aconite's~aconit de
sixes~sixes
temporary~temporaire
criminologist's~criminologist's
larval~larvaire
trump~atout
foreign~foreign
underpasses~viaducs
socialites~mondains
invalidity~invalidité
bloodthirstily~bloodthirstily
variances~variances
predetermination's~de prédétermination
mercerises~mercerises
radius's~rayon de
coelenterates~coelentérés
millings~fraisages
pomposity's~de grandiloquence
baldies~Baldies
Day's~Journées
kt~kt
shuffled~brassé
cricketer's~cricketer's
Osborne~Osborne
coheirs~cohéritiers
Chukchi~Tchouktches
hour~heure
Alan~Alan
Martinez~Martinez
crescendo's~crescendo's
bellybutton's~Nombrils
Starkey's~Starkey de
shoreline~littoral
Gus~Gus
saltier~plus salée
snippets~extraits
radiometry's~radiométrie de
lewder~lewder
molehill~taupinière
transfigures~transfigure
finked~finked
catalogued~catalogués
revivals~renaissances
mailer's~logiciel de courrier
reveille's~diane de
ballots~bulletins de vote
reasonableness's~caractère raisonnable de
alert's~alerte de
suitcase's~les valises
repetitious~repetitious
sheila~sheila
adultery~adultère
instilled~inculqué
Albania~Albanie
Amtrak~Amtrak
oecus~oecus
vinegar's~de vinaigre
equation's~equation's
burgh's~Burgh de
Natalia's~NATALIA
Barrera's~Barrera de
phlegm's~mucosités de
procurator~procureur
body's~le corps de
buzzing~bourdonnement
hedgerow~haie
Apollo~Apollon
chapeau's~chapeau de
phenoms~phenoms
Hui's~Hui de
sarcoma's~sarcome de
bartered~troqués
passenger~passager
tintinnabulation~tintinnabulement
bearing's~de palier
cupped~cupped
homosexual's~homosexuel de
bustled~bourdonnait
jingle's~Jingle de
polygon's~polygone de
matchwood~bois d'allumettes
rigidness~rigidness
sixth's~sixième de
cervix~col de l'utérus
crouch's~crouch's
postman~facteur
dysfunction's~dysfunction's
illegibly~illisiblement
Midas's~Midas années
toastmaster~Toastmaster
reburial's~de réinhumation
Alfredo~Alfredo
Rh's~Rh de
ingrates~ingrates
Agni~Agni
apishly~apishly
medicament's~médicament de
Dolly~Chariot
dumbbells~dumbbells
chefs~chefs
Barkley~Barkley
Rod~Barre
deviously~deviously
encouragement's~encouragement's
tubas~tubas
Reuben~Reuben
motleys~Motleys
opera's~opéra
courtroom's~courtroom's
Egyptian's~égyptien de
STD~STD
waft's~waft de
Galbraith's~Galbraith
Koestler~Koestler
fecklessly~fecklessly
dispossessing~dispossessing
fuzz's~fuzz's
stickily~gluantes
joists~solives
toastmistresses~toastmistresses
inflexibly~inflexiblement
MacDonald's~MacDonald
respects~respects
argue~se disputer
rhinovirus's~rhinovirus de
unattached~libre
hippopotamuses~hippopotames
kiwifruits~kiwis
poetasters~rimailleurs
electronica~electronica
poached~poché
ballyhoos~ballyhoos
nutrient~nutritif
reloading~rechargement
dissimulate~dissimulate
entailed~entailed
ribald~grivois
poise~équilibre
microcircuit~microcircuit
PRC~République populaire de Chine
misdeal's~maldonne de
rouse~réveiller
antiparticle's~Années antiparticules
stunts~cascades
unseemliness~inconvenance
clomps~clomps
hilarious~hilarant
inscribed~inscrit
ataxic's~ataxique de
foal's~foal's
Dionne~Dionne
indigo's~indigo de
ladle's~années louche
VDT~VDT
histologist~histologiste
Carlson's~Carlson
Salisbury~Salisbury
governance~governance
butcher~Boucher
mates~accouple
chipped~ébréchée
gatekeeper's~gatekeeper's
mayday~au secours
unfrocked~défroqué
tonsils~les amygdales
stark~rigide
charabanc~charabanc
cyclones~cyclones
fashions~fashions
phyla~phylums
anxiety's~de l'anxiété
youngest~le plus jeune
ski~ski
oarsman~rameur
repulsively~repoussante
domineering~domineering
creakier~creakier
decorator's~decorator's
retorts~cornues
crustier~crustier
armpit's~aisselles
sadomasochist's~de sadomasochiste
adrenal's~de surrénales
struggle's~lutte de
shudder's~frisson de
seines~sennes
guesthouse~guesthouse
discriminator's~discriminator's
Memphis's~Memphis de
fashioner~fashioner
gag~gag
showground~showground
Scientology's~Scientologie de
insults~les insultes
sills~seuils
copulatives~copulatives
clunkiest~clunkiest
amenably~amenably
steamboat~bateau à vapeur
shire's~Shire
greasers~greasers
weaselly~weaselly
antithesis's~antithèse de
sightseeing's~de visites
separably~séparable
trades~métiers
doll's~doll's
prekindergarten~prématernelle
loiter~flâner
decant~decant
taxonomies~taxonomies
humidly~humidly
Elsinore's~Elsinore de
cit~cit
defector's~defector's
futilely~futilely
washer~machine à laver
Turin~Turin
harpoons~harpons
outages~pannes
phoniness~phoniness
marquises~marquises
consoled~consolé
abstinent~abstinent
jadeite~jadéite
companionway~cabines
pueblo~pueblo
peon~péon
marketed~commercialisé
Miranda's~Miranda
dickhead~dickhead
reciprocally~réciproquement
Gregory's~Gregory
neocolonialists~néocolonialistes
transfers~transferts
corresponding~corresponding
Tajikistan's~Tadjikistan de
equating~equating
tealight's~Années photophores
ecstasy~ecstasy
inhalant's~de inhalées
Kirkland's~Kirkland de
yachtsman's~de yachtman
rejuvenated~rajeuni
mineral's~minéraux de
chill's~des frissons
disembodying~disembodying
morbidness~morbidité
bloody~sanglant
Faraday's~Faraday
lark~alouette
indefinable~indéfinissable
summoner~invocateur
payphones~téléphones payants
moronic~débile
concubinage~concubinage
platy~lamellaires
strongbox~coffre-fort
encumbrance's~encumbrance's
dazzle~dazzle
dew~dew
warships~navires de guerre
Excalibur~Excalibur
Cranmer~Cranmer
Camel~chameau
Whitsundays~Whitsundays
jumbo's~jumbo de
Sufi~Soufi
matres~matres
extraditing~extraditing
cornets~cornets
nonpartisan's~non partisane de
stud~Goujon
rabble's~de canaille
smug~suffisant
modification's~modifications
wanderer's~wanderer de
solar~solaire
unapparent~inapparente
workstation~poste de travail
egoism's~egoism's
slating~éreintement
vagus~pneumogastrique
consumed~consumed
personally~personnellement
carryall's~années fourre tout
shearing~tonte
pistachios~pistaches
criminologists~criminologists
Callie's~Callie de
presentations~présentations
madam~Madame
fertilisation's~fertilisation's
tarted~tarted
Pakistani~pakistanais
pyromaniacs~pyromanes
spandex~spandex
node~nœud
layouts~mises en page
rooters~défonceuses
suborned~suborné
almoner's~de aumonier
canard~canard
disassemble~disassemble
appending~annexant
antinuclear~antinucléaire
lavisher~lavisher
transceiver's~émetteur-récepteur de
pullovers~pullovers
leeched~sangsues
cockroach~cafard
Lakeisha~Lakeisha
herbal~à base de plantes
Phoenix's~Phoenix de
finalists~finalists
swots~FFPM
ism's~isme
unhealthiness~insalubrité
pebbling~vaporiser la glace
acclaim's~succès de
retarder~ralentisseur
vapour's~vapeur de
gr~gr
candling~mirer
tyrannise~tyranniser
flatfish~flatfish
fetidness~fetidness
metastasising~métastasiantes
mutinies~mutineries
tamped~damé
officialism's~fonctionnarisme de
inhalators~inhalators
chastiser's~dompteur de
persuasion~persuasion
antagonised~indisposé
wailing's~de lamentation
premium's~prime de
thickset~trapu
conjointly~conjointement
nepotistic~népotique
hyperthyroid~hyperthyroïdie
futuristic~futuristic
edifying~edifying
closures~fermetures
fiction~fiction
transl~Trad
sonatina's~Années Sonatina
contusion~contusion
tautology's~tautologie de
trimaran~trimaran
Dy's~Dy de
slant's~inclinaison de
maroons~marronnage
fibre's~fibre's
snows~neiges
astrophysicists~astrophysiciens
monotone's~de voix monotone
competent~compétent
sable~zibeline
astounded~étonné
logotype~logotype
boxing's~boxe
locksmith's~sERRURIER
Frederick~Frederick
infirmary~infirmerie
Avignon~Avignon
hideouts~repaires
paddle~pagayer
turbojet~turboréacteur
casual's~décontracté
skulks~rôde
uneasily~inquiétude
sweepstake~sweepstake
Netflix's~Netflix
lawgiver~législateur
retire~se retirer
encirclement's~encirclement's
Brianna's~Brianna de
catcher~receveur
parietal~pariétal
hydrodynamic~hydrodynamique
milliards~milliards
reservist~réserviste
hallelujah's~hallelujah's
roughened~dépolie
cartridges~cartouches
lodged~déposée
GM~GM
foxhunting~foxhunting
ultralight's~ultra-léger de
cyclotron~cyclotron
territorial's~territoriales de
nominee's~prête-nom de
enlarged~enlarged
slimmed~amincie
Tyree's~Tyree
Superman's~Superman de
Pt's~Pt de
Spain's~l'Espagne
gregariousness's~gregariousness's
underpart's~underpart de
stubbornest~stubbornest
huntsman's~veneur de
freestones~freestones
tartars~Tartares
dessertspoon~dessertspoon
Michigan~Michigan
funner~funner
valetudinarian's~valétudinaire de
Bill's~Factures
interwove~entremêle
disassembly~disassembly
hobnail's~hobnail de
cecal~caecum
criminalising~criminalising
Falwell~Falwell
infirmaries~infirmeries
bygones~bygones
avalanches~avalanches
reinsert~réinsérer
Chileans~Chiliens
audibility~audibilité
prater~bavardeur
sentimentalists~sentimentalistes
juggernauts~Juggernauts
remarks~remarques
Judaisms~judaïsmes
bower~tonnelle
friskiest~friskiest
debridement~debridement
southwestwards~SUD-OUEST
Biro's~Biro de
supplicating~suppliante
enhance~enhance
minstrels~ménestrels
Shylockian's~Années Shylockian
Duluth's~Duluth de
Laban's~Laban
transferable~transférable
joystick's~joystick de
budges~bouge
intolerable~intolérable
streaks~stries
Panasonic's~de Panasonic
shebang's~Elle frappe
sunset~le coucher du soleil
infill~remplissage
nutty~au goût de noisette
choreograph~chorégraphier
plight's~situation de
Gila's~Gila de
meaner~plus méchant
rest's~reste de
welding~soudage
lubber's~lourdaud de
skyjacker's~skyjacker de
remission~remise
staccato's~staccato de
ethyl~ethyl
tussling~échauffourées
kicky~kicky
brushwork~brushwork
stokes~stokes
muskrat~rat musqué
gorse~gorse
leching~leching
reemerged~réapparues
trackballs~trackballs
muddling~embrouillement
taskmasters~exacteurs
shoring's~de l'étayage
smudge's~maculage de
abominated~abominé
fork's~fork's
Lamborghini's~Lamborghini de
Rasalgethi's~Années Rasalgethi
rummage~farfouiller
heredity~hérédité
shh~Chut
expediting~expediting
goddaughter~goddaughter
carbonates~carbonates
Valparaiso~Valparaiso
ciao~ciao
hedge's~les haies
hitches~accrocs
Twila~Twila
Crick~Crampe
Ginsberg's~Ginsberg
callowness~callowness
curled~curled
brinkmanship~corde raide
elevations~elevations
reservations~Réservations
squeezable~compressibles
champions~champions
Taiyuan's~Taiyuan de
elan's~elan's
junker~Junker
near~près
Aeolus's~Aeolus de
Mayan's~Maya de
Svalbard~svalbard
bleakly~sombrement
toboggan~luge
mica~mica
burnisher~polisseuse
gypsy~gypsy
hare~hare
client~client
identities~identités
coveted~coveted
emceeing~emceeing
crabbing~crabbing
divergences~divergences
Ms~Mme
gourmet's~gourmet's
elaborately~elaborately
phrasing~phrasé
Kosciusko's~Kosciusko de
bivalves~bivalves
amidst~au milieu de
mutuality~mutualité
Huerta's~Huerta de
tingles~fourmillements
aim~objectif
reggae's~reggae de
flannelling~flannelling
chest~poitrine
celebrities~célébrités
nightcaps~bonnets de nuit
debaucheries~debaucheries
tetrahedron~tétraèdre
Fry's~Fry
encephalitis's~encephalitis's
moiled~moiled
demonising~demonising
carpetbaggers~carpetbaggers
constable~gendarme
poppa~poppa
Jidda~Djedda
entombed~entombed
dogcart's~dogcart's
generalissimo's~generalissimo's
overturning~renversement
loafer~flâneur
hootenanny's~hootenanny de
healthfulness~healthfulness
sock~chaussette
slanted~incliné
Alec~Alec
scourer~tampon abrasif
Hellenisms~hellénismes
scuba's~plongée sous-marine de
freakish~freakish
sisterhoods~sororités
vocatives~vocatifs
assemblywoman's~Années Assemblywoman
hosteler's~hosteler de
nemesis~Némésis
OH~OH
vii~vii
netted~filet
feedlot's~feedlot's
skyrocketing~montée en flèche
scallion~Scallion
appreciatively~appréciateur
difficultly~difficultly
ruination~ruine
Colbert's~Colbert
humphed~humphed
impalement~empalement
pessaries~pessaires
vigour~vigueur
disconcerted~disconcerted
terbium's~terbium de
marksmanship's~de l'adresse au tir
undimmed~undimmed
repute~réputation
gazelles~gazelles
crusaders~crusaders
viscera~viscères
pledges~engagements
eventfulness's~eventfulness's
curate~curate
Rabelaisian~rabelaisien
inducer~inducteurs
refraction~réfraction
pictured~photo
stalled~au point mort
explicate~explicate
Feds's~Années Feds
ladled~Moulé à la louche
OfficeMax~OfficeMax
pedants~pédants
Veracruz~Veracruz
leafed~Leafed
dafter~dafter
poster~affiche
xxxiv~XXXIV
Dumbledore~Dumbledore
Guinea~Guinée
paella's~paella de
Citigroup's~Citigroup
indecorous~inconvenant
medicine~médicament
baht~baht
cruppers~cruppers
painkiller~anti douleur
unitised~conteneurisé
Baudrillard~Baudrillard
locket~médaillon
backstops~antidévireurs
advancement's~l'avancement de
lamentation's~de lamentation
Herodotus~Hérodote
nonconductors~non-conducteurs
headscarf~voile
halter's~halter's
nerdier~nerdier
rapaciousness's~de rapacité
patrician's~patricienne
backrests~dossiers
variable~variable
hoggish~goinfre
mollified~adoucies
coven's~coven's
vestige's~vestige de
camerawoman~cadreuse
retina's~rétine de
amity's~amity de
antacid~antiacide
paddlers~pagayeurs
Yeats's~Années Yeats
driller's~driller's
thrum~vrombissement
footstool~footstool
Dakar's~Dakar de
dragnet~dragnet
Muslim~musulman
deficit~deficit
sincerely~Cordialement
busybody's~de gêneur
rethinking~repensant
speech's~Le discours de
Pres~Pres
officiants~officiants
Barnaby~Barnaby
stenography's~de sténographie
vainer~Vainer
Gurkha~Gurkha
corpuscular~corpuscular
releasing~libération
Hibernian~Hibernian
preregister~préenregistrer
abolitionist~abolitionniste
rewiring~recâblage
focuses~focuses
hypochondriac's~hypocondriaque de
LC~LC
tyrant's~tyran de
roaster~rôtissoire
teleconferences~téléconférences
jocks~Jocks
Litton's~Litton de
foists~foists
Roeg~Roeg
igloo~iglou
Copenhagen's~Copenhague de
onslaught~assaut
Segre's~Segre de
dulcimer~dulcimer
intrepidity's~intrépidité de
Pyongyang~Pyongyang
whitening's~de blanchiment
Viagra~Viagra
bitmap~bitmap
manifest's~de manifestes
weldable~soudable
miry~fangeux
south~Sud
Brahmans~brahmanes
sensationalists~sensationnalistes
absoluteness's~de absoluité
tooted~tooted
Muhammadanisms~Muhammadanisms
cleanness's~de la propreté
cymbalists~cymbalists
sharecroppers~métayers
tartan~tartan
streamers~streamers
heartaches~heartaches
deadbolt~deadbolt
Kodaly~Kodaly
cinching~cinching
ritualism's~de ritualisme
Valiums~Valiums
Hogwarts~Poudlard
crunches~crunches
seashores~seashores
thoughtless~irréfléchi
Poitier~Poitier
exultantly~exultantly
Dina~Dina
Alcestis's~Alceste de
signature's~signature
calypso~Calypso
bagel~bagel
homeostatic~homéostatique
balanced~équilibré
suggester~suggester
noose's~années noeud coulant
rotogravure's~héliogravure de
knitwear's~articles de bonneterie de
milked~traire
contestable~contestable
stdio~stdio
overfed~suralimentés
carries~porte
hurrah's~hourra de
mistrusts~méfiances
editing~editing
proud~fier
persona~personnage
fullbacks~fullbacks
Melanesia's~Mélanésie de
Wabash~Wabash
hellcat~Hellcat
Benny's~Benny
letter's~des lettres
fizzled~fizzled
wintrier~wintrier
supermom's~supermom de
shelve~suspendre
pulsate~palpiter
Johnathan's~Johnathan de
ascribed~attribuait
arctics~SACRTTC
Horace's~Horace
turf~gazon
downer~downer
subcontinent's~sous-continent de
acclamation's~acclamation de
signorine~signorine
whatnot~étagère
packer's~packer
restricted~limité
Savoyard's~savoyardes de
platen's~plateau de
reprehending~reprehending
marinade's~marinade de
hwy~hwy
purchase's~achats
uniformly~uniformément
critter~critter
acne's~de l'acné
Gambian's~gambienne de
decilitre's~decilitre's
clavicles~clavicules
Tammi~Tammi
fulmination's~fulmination's
Anaxagoras's~Années Anaxagore
misrule~mauvaise administration
achene~akène
charlatan~charlatan
cerulean's~Années Cerulean
dadaists~dadaists
products~des produits
sleepwear~vêtements de nuit
semolina~la semoule
superficiality's~de la superficialité
titillate~titiller
abjure~abjurer
drake~drake
windward~au vent
minstrelsy's~ménestrels de
longevity~longévité
arabesques~arabesque
hauls~chalutages
swished~siffla
tantalisingly~tantalizingly
LVN~LVN
homewreckers~Homewreckers
shiploads~bateaux chargés
culture~culture
hypodermic~hypodermique
lushness's~luxuriance de
processioning~processioning
Ava's~Ava
orbiters~orbiteurs
rivalry's~rivalité de
unfunded~non financés
suitcases~les valises
toy's~jouets
selloff's~de ventes massives
Olivetti's~Olivetti de
arrival's~Arrivées
Rice's~Rice
pitting~piqûres
dung's~dung's
hegira's~hégire de
handsaw~handsaw
billeted~cantonnés
promise's~promesses
offshoot's~rejeton de
backspacing~en supprimant les espaces
witlessness's~de stupidité
bohemian's~bohème des années
Munich's~Munich de
funkiness's~funkiness's
skit's~sketch de
plunger's~piston de
misquotations~misquotations
medics~personnel médical
footfall's~footfall's
snootiness's~de snootiness
annoyance~contrariété
mannishly~mannishly
blurt~lâcher
Capistrano~Capistrano
junkiest~junkiest
voice~voix
vim~vitalité
straightforwardness~franchise
GUI~GUI
stumpier~stumpier
cracklings~cracklings
Crucifixion's~crucifixion
reassure~rassurer
mindless~stupide
defilement~defilement
privy~privé
lunches~déjeuners
xciv~xciv
sea~mer
crave~crave
tabbies~tabby
Krugerrand~Krugerrand
hinter's~Hinter de
inures~endurcit
pulsations~pulsations
lodgings~logements
faucet's~faucet's
Osgood's~Osgood de
banana's~bananes
Ogilvy~Ogilvy
nutpicks~nutpicks
Samoyed~samoyède
dialectic~dialectic
freckly~freckly
depersonalise~depersonalise
bedhead~tête de lit
cicatrix~cicatrice
insanity's~aliénation mentale
dip's~dip's
cavillings~tracasseries
patron's~patron de
highballs~highballs
pincushions~pelotes
sorriest~plus triste
hurl's~Hurl de
designers~designers
balsam~baume
Gentoo~Gentoo
uncritically~sans discernement
misrepresents~dénature
huskiness's~de raucité
helms~heaumes
extremeness's~extremeness's
contiguity's~contiguity's
lifetime~durée de vie
Townes's~Années Townes
Byblos~Byblos
putsch~putsch
daubs~daubs
workweek's~semaine de travail de
parred~parred
lbs~lbs
Marlene~Marlene
Stuttgart~Stuttgart
toadying~flagornerie
boy~garçon
nonuniform~non uniforme
solace~réconfort
hardwoods~hardwoods
biddy~biddy
Bartlett~Bartlett
Ill~Mauvais
ext~ext
guzzled~guzzled
Haas~Haas
comported~comportés
enticement's~enticement's
babyhood~petite enfance
cyclotrons~cyclotrons
scoop's~boule de
underdeveloped~sous-développé
woodcocks~bécasses
inveigh~invectiver
spectroscopy~spectroscopie
lemonade's~limonade de
overspecialises~overspecialises
sacrificed~sacrifié
omniscience~omniscience
gallimaufry~gallimaufry
Rappaport's~Rappaport de
yokes~jougs
ECMAScript~ECMAScript
bicep~bicep
love~amour
Mo~Mo
plait's~tresser de
third~troisième
Salvadorean~salvadorien
Kilimanjaro~Kilimandjaro
misers~misers
needful~nécessaire
johns~caleçon
tatami~tatami
dispenser's~dispenser's
expansionary~expansionary
pulsars~pulsars
formalists~formalists
callousness~dureté
Ziegfeld~Ziegfeld
redouble~redoubler
eradicates~eradicates
the~la
semiweekly~bihebdomadaire
brokering~courtage
conquistador~conquistador
inadequacies~insuffisances
mitochondrion~mitochondrie
farce~farce
Volstead~Volstead
cuteness~cuteness
crackhead's~crackhead's
Guarnieri's~Guarnieri de
backyard's~arrière-cour de
blowflies~calliphoridés
blinders~oeillères
conking~conking
acceptance~acceptation
redecorate~repeindre
feuds~feuds
subornation's~de subornation
Trinidad's~Trinité-de
sophism's~de sophisme
lg~lg
Valvoline's~Valvoline de
honours~honneurs
limousine's~limousine de
typescripts~dactylographiés
overtimes~overtime
Barbour~Barbour
formidable~formidable
Wilbert's~Wilbert de
nondemocratic~non démocratique
mousiness~mousiness
shifted~décalé
patrol~patrouille
Easts~Orients
Iroquois~Iroquois
ghastliness~ghastliness
autumn's~automne de
schism's~schisme de
Lerner's~Lerner
countermanded~countermanded
terraced~mitoyenne
frizzles~frizzles
hangout~hangout
rebirths~renaissances
banish~bannir
appointive~par nomination
leered~lorgnaient
anodises~anodises
snapshot~instantané
uproot~déraciner
lea's~LEA
swagger's~de fanfaronnades
racketed~racketté
Merak~Merak
Xian's~Xian de
aftertaste's~arrière-goût de
Costello~Costello
Augusts~augusts
Lamont~Lamont
toppers~toppers
Caerphilly~Caerphilly
shift's~Changeons
seahorse's~Seahorse de
unexpectedness~unexpectedness
surtax's~surtaxe de
sisal's~sisal de
unsaved~unsaved
cantilevered~cantilever
mollycoddle~materner
oversubscribe~surévaluer la
variate~variate
hamster~hamster
Bakelite~bakélite
Senates~Sénats
slouchiest~slouchiest
better~meilleur
auxin~auxine
bejewelling~bejewelling
kilns~fours
interactive~interactif
personages~personnages
ridge's~crête de
luggage's~bagages
surrogacy~la gestation pour autrui
Chisinau~Chisinau
sledge's~lUGE
apparels~habillements
entrenchment's~entrenchment's
serves~sert
Athabaskan~Athabaskan
eschew~eschew
jingled~résonnaient
structuralist~structuraliste
befittingly~befittingly
headlands~promontoires
bunging~bunging
channels~filières
tract~tract
Malinowski's~Malinowski
limit~limite
tines~dents
traverses~traverses
McCray's~McCray de
treatment's~traitement de
YMMV~YMMV
Christianities~christianismes
Kurt's~Kurt
sunrise~lever du soleil
issuers~émetteurs
armed~armé
work's~travaux
burble's~burble de
Cyrillic~cyrillique
ciabatta~pain ciabatta
staphylococci~staphylocoques
Marva~Marva
longboat's~Longboat de
supercity's~de SuperCity
Sergei's~Sergei
Goiania's~Goiania de
saltcellar's~salière de
screechy~rauque
nonsecular~nonsecular
intended~prévu
rustiness~rouille
Arabs~Arabes
bullshit's~conneries de
falling~falling
criticiser~criticiser
preoccupies~préoccupe
intently~attentivement
winding's~de liquidation
moonlight~clair de lune
preserver~preserver
pithiest~plus piquante
pasties~pasties
calibrate~étalonner
consulate's~consulate's
angostura~angostura
masquerader~masquerader
Gresham~Gresham
catwalk's~défilé de
alcohols~alcools
carburettors~carburateurs
stricture's~sténoses de
reconnaissance's~de reconnaissance
Marsala~Marsala
untroubled~tranquille
irresolution's~de l'irrésolution
tobogganers~lugeurs
earmuffs~earmuffs
chats~chats
BMW's~BMW
grounders~grounders
brutalisation~brutalisation
dybbuk~dybbuk
gestalt~gestalt
tally's~compte de
teen's~les adolescents
stamen's~Années étamine
minicam's~minicam de
retrievable~récupérable
tensed~bandé
vicarage's~de Vicarage
drunkest~drunkest
blogs~blogs
elaborateness~elaborateness
typifying~typifiant
lac's~lac de
pointing~montrer du doigt
Monticello's~Monticello de
Rastaban~Rastaban
oversensitiveness~Hypersensibilité
holdups~mains en l'air
dynamiter's~dynamiter's
cymbalist~cymbalist
Nat's~Nat de
worldview's~la vision du monde
bestiality's~de la bestialité
constructed~construit
communally~communautairement
scooted~scooted
melting~fusion
midst's~milieu de
selfie~selfie
floodlight's~floodlight's
pluckiness~pluckiness
molters~molters
nowhere~nulle part
Mesabi~Mesabi
citizen's~citoyens
scowl~mine renfrognée
Anatolian~anatolienne
fictional~fictional
clapboard's~Années bardeau
mandated~mandaté
cantons~cantons
Kohinoor~Kohinoor
damages~damages
head's~tête de
matzos~matsot
definition~definition
fatness~fatness
Derek's~Derek
tomorrow's~demain
trinkets~bibelots
Thoreau~Thoreau
magnanimously~magnanimement
sardonically~sardonique
relinquishment's~de l'abandon
interiors~intérieurs
assonant's~assonante de
hared~hared
anticoagulants~anticoagulants
Azerbaijani's~Azerbaïdjan de
marquise's~de marquise
rosters~listes
vaccine's~du vaccin
coiffure's~de coiffure
suaveness's~de suavité
julep's~Julep de
imaginatively~imaginativement
humorist's~de l'humoriste
stricture~rétrécissement
Songhua~Songhua
more~plus
earthiness~earthiness
blistered~boursouflée
orneriness~orneriness
pigpens~porcheries
mudflaps~garde-boues
rectilinear~rectiligne
option's~GRÉ
weatherization's~de l'étanchement
equestrian's~equestrian's
ticked~cochées
packsaddle's~bâts de
Pasquale~Pasquale
look~Regardez
sunup's~sunup de
hypothesis's~L'hypothèse de
Ceausescu~Ceaucescu
bewaring~bewaring
reclaimed~remis en état
bilkers~bilkers
faxes~faxes
kindliness's~bonhomie de
tonelessly~d'une voix blanche
viii~viii
Winifred's~Winifred de
profiteer's~de profiteur
concern~préoccupation
hearths~soles
corbel's~corbel's
plunks~plunks
inputted~entrée
slipperiness~glissance
inadvisable~à déconseiller
playmate's~playmate de
sysop~sysop
disafforests~disafforests
catastrophe's~catastrophe de
yardmaster's~de chef de triage
wipe's~essuyer de
DAR~DAR
goldfield~goldfield
liked~aimé
conveyances~conveyances
cornrow~cornrow
villain~scélérat
diminishes~diminishes
rapport's~rapport de
cannabis's~cannabis de
Zephyrus~Zephyrus
complicatedly~complicatedly
celibacy~célibat
Martian's~martien de
kickoffs~bottés d'envoi
bluegill~crapet
obsidian~obsidienne
renter~loueur
Perrier~Perrier
chest's~du coffre
panting~halètement
mangoes~mangues
clerically~cléricalement
hacks~hacks
moxie~Moxie
Marcy's~Marcy de
counterfoil~counterfoil
sluttier~cochonne
Imogene~Imogene
sacrosanct~sacro-saint
saneness~saneness
Aureomycin~Aureomycin
Theodora's~Theodora de
Fiona~Fiona
Sikh~sikh
invalidism~l'invalidité
uncrossing~décroisement
signboard~enseigne
ids~ids
plot~terrain
sips~gorgées
enveloper~enveloper
bitchy~vache
disconnect~disconnect
flyblown~flyblown
corrosively~corrosively
guarantor~guarantor
muskets~mousquets
bangs~frange
declaims~declaims
Wilkerson~Wilkerson
Anne~Anne
Shiraz's~Shiraz de
sly~sournois
dears~dears
beseechers~beseechers
copses~copses
workshop~atelier
garcons~garcons
Cabrini~Cabrini
Annie~Annie
weaponry's~armes de
paired~jumelé
install~installer
calcification's~calcification de
subprogram~subprogram
exemplified~exemplified
abominating~abominating
Phoenicians~Phéniciens
elks~elks
slaughtered~abattus
zipper~fermeture éclair
spams~spams
tarns~tarns
Seiko's~Seiko
superstructure~superstructure
verruca's~Warts de
Onondagas~Onondagas
abounds~foisonne
homerooms~homerooms
Giannini's~Giannini de
snarfed~snarfed
stricter~plus stricte
renter's~locataire de
galaxy~galaxy
reminded~rappelé
addends~cumulateurs
converging~converging
vehemently~avec véhémence
transmitters~émetteurs
venture's~aventurons
tender's~offres de
borrows~Borrows
soundproofing~insonorisation
dell~dell
peacekeeper's~gardiens de la paix
Cornwallis's~Années Cornwallis
quadruplet~quadruplé
perils~périls
sedulously~sedulously
stovepipe's~Années cloisonnées
reforms~réformes
Quebec~Québec
dislocation's~dislocation's
obfuscating~obscurcissant
Estes's~Estes de
shamelessness~impudence
wattage~puissance
frolicker~frolicker
termagant~mégère
humidifier's~humidificateur de
lonesomely~lonesomely
curriculum's~curriculum's
artisan's~aRTISAN
Marceau~Marceau
hoarseness's~enrouement de
viewer~téléspectateur
fickleness~fickleness
outdrawn~outdrawn
Phillip's~Phillip de
perihelia~périhélie
raze~raser
grotesqueness's~grotesqueness's
redskin's~Années redskin
Bud~Bourgeon
poofter~tante
coir~coir
shine~éclat
docket~docket
swap's~échange de
penguin's~pINGOUIN
fryer's~fryer's
marquis's~marquis de
Dhaka's~Dhaka de
wrongfully~injustement
buckskin~peau de daim
disappearing~disappearing
appeared~apparu
surveyors~géomètres
hydrology~hydrologie
henpecks~henpecks
fivers~fivers
zodiac's~zODIAC
teacake's~Années Teacake
Phanerozoic's~phanérozoïque de
shaft~arbre
Nicene's~Nicée de
panning~panoramique
bay~baie
frescoes~frescoes
terrapin~tortue d'eau douce
nondrying~non-séchante
Toshiba's~de Toshiba
nonrenewable~non renouvelable
ecclesiastics~ecclesiastics
blushes~fards à joues
routinising~routinising
Peel~Peler
roommate's~colocataire
tendentiousness~caractère tendancieux
grandparent~grandparent
repetitiveness~répétitivité
denitrification~denitrification
terahertz's~térahertz de
petticoat's~jupons
Derrick~Derrick
shipwrecks~naufrages
attachments~pièces jointes
munificence~munificence
martins~martins
knish's~Années Knish
necessitated~nécessité
mudslide~glissement de terrain
rugged~robuste
prithee~prithee
thickener~épaississant
dales~dales
yarrow~achillée
jokier~jokier
filminess's~filminess's
gadget's~gadget's
mordant~mordant
leaning's~de se penchant
diptychs~diptychs
gondolier~gondolier
embrasures~embrasures
curbside~curbside
Alphecca's~Alphecca de
many's~beaucoup de
greasy~greasy
washy~délavé
Versailles~Versailles
barnyard's~basse-cour de
Dawson~Dawson
abjured~abjuré
mete's~mete de
deejays~deejays
impenetrability's~de impénétrabilité
antiphonal~antiphonaire
Hieronymus's~Hieronymus de
binders~liants
joining~joindre
foxgloves~foxgloves
reconsecrate~reconsacrer
lipid's~lipides
lings~Lings
indescribably~indescriptiblement
Karol~Karol
nephrite~néphrite
subsidiary~filiale
continent~continent
Friend's~Copains
mods~mods
cerebrates~cérébrats
brashness~impétuosité
irrupt~irrupt
posy~petit bouquet de fleurs
Birmingham's~Birmingham de
Corine's~Corine de
childbirth~accouchement
vivace~Vivace
toed~tridactyle
aren't~ne sont pas
palliation's~de soins palliatifs
Occidental~Occidental
inflorescence's~inflorescence de
belligerents~belligerants
Podhoretz~Podhoretz
fake's~fake's
marmalade~confiture
mascot's~mascotte de
stopwatch~chronomètre
coagulators~coagulants
hewer's~Hewer de
flagship's~flagship's
vibe's~ambiance
diligence~diligence
byzantine~byzantin
twee~twee
snuffled~renifla
schematic~schématique
lairds~lairds
improvement's~amélioration de
Taichung's~Taichung de
Chicago~Chicago
hopefulness~espoir
kettledrum's~timbale de
igloo's~igloo de
flurry's~flurry's
vampire's~vampires
flyer's~flyer's
momentousness's~de momentousness
evangelism~evangelism
Morphy~Morphy
Anglo~Anglo
aircraftman~Aviateur
mild~doux
pastor~pasteur
perseveres~persévère
zestiest~zestiest
contaminator~contaminator
jaybird's~geai de
straighten~redresser
Einstein's~Einstein
verbena~verveine
wordage's~de wordage
Helena~Helena
following's~following's
apprehensiveness~apprehensiveness
filibusters~filibusters
slalom's~années slalom
phoney's~phoney de
adumbrate~esquisser
elucidations~elucidations
unemployment~chômage
majordomos~majordomes
hairspray~hairspray
Atman~Atman
breves~Breves
diameters~diameters
rarebits~croûte au fromage
Samoyed's~samoyède de
ineligibly~ineligibly
bungles~Bungle
Donne's~Donne de
deadly~deadly
tuna~thon
portico~portique
shown~montré
sortied~sortied
fainted~fainted
golliwog~golliwog
empowered~empowered
plantar~plantaire
Ngaliema's~Ngaliema de
monetarists~monétaristes
ritzier~ritzier
apostleship's~de apostolat
milestones~étapes
cryptograms~cryptograms
Sheol~shéol
factoid's~factoid's
phisher's~hameçonneur de
Ares~Ares
glaucoma~glaucoma
sectarian's~de sectaires
contingency's~contingency's
multiprocessor's~multiprocesseur de
beautician~esthéticien
hock~jarret
crutch's~crutch's
painkilling~calmant
Somme's~Somme de
ruddiness's~de ruddiness
reword~recomposer
cologne's~cologne de
offshoot~ramification
Marshall's~Marshall
discomforting~discomforting
flyover~flyover
anal~anal
pejorative's~de péjoratif
Funafuti's~Funafuti de
slaughterhouse~abattoir
cordilleras~cordilleras
jettisoning~larguer
simultaneously~en même temps
station's~Station de
combats~combats
dispatcher's~dispatcher's
lurched~vacillé
snuff's~tabac de
Carolina's~Caroline du
remedial~réparateur
radiotelephones~radiotéléphones
grant's~grant's
teens~les adolescents
DI~DI
mating~accouplement
recourse~recours
outwears~outwears
solderer's~de solderer
accelerate~accélérer
aquavit~aquavit
porker's~de porcelet
paleographers~paléographes
bowstrings~bowstrings
claque's~de claqueurs
darkeners~darkeners
recruitment's~le recrutement de
pasturage~pâturage
trusteeships~curatelles
underexposed~sous-exposé
lavishing~prodiguant
pap~bouillie
recriminations~récriminations
niece's~nièce
oedema~œdème
Kojak's~Kojak de
Gounod~Gounod
asseveration's~de asseveration
blow~coup
decompressed~decompressed
Grail~Graal
steadier~stable
breezeways~breezeways
devout~devout
straightedges~bords droits
trendsetter~avant gardiste
muddily~muddily
lepton's~lepton de
firearm~firearm
grownups~grownups
recreation~des loisirs
aspirate's~aspirer de
jotting's~de griffonner
griper~griper
kiosk's~kiosque de
cynic~cynic
pantomimed~mima
pukka~authentique
extensive~extensive
Leda's~Leda de
Londoner's~Londonien de
coffining~en bière
showboats~showboats
outings~sorties
Macumba's~Années Macumba
macaronis~macaronis
stockpot~faitout
conditioned~conditionné
rhesus's~rhésus de
ponytail's~queue de cheval de
hotfoots~hotfoots
nougats~nougats
multiply~multiplier
deafen~deafen
onetime~une fois
accessorise~accessoiriser
dependent~dependent
discounted~discounted
Mingus~Mingus
listen~écouter
traveller's~voyageur de
Beatles~Beatles
Trudy's~Trudy
sojourned~séjourna
slobber~bave
takings~recettes
Danes~Danois
congregationalism~congrégationalisme
plaited~tressé
logging~enregistrement
Knopf~Knopf
Pugh's~Pugh
hewed~frapperai
undertook~se engageaient
origami's~origamis de
blotter~buvard
calumniator's~calomniateur de
navigator~navigateur
abstractions~abstractions
fidgeted~fidgeted
Smithsonian's~Smithsonian de
biting~mordant
inexplicable~inexplicable
Aymara~Aymara
pedicurist~pedicurist
turmeric's~le curcuma de
Aral's~Aral de
gnashes~gnashes
Lucinda~Lucinda
fens~fens
snobbery~snobisme
standoff's~bras de fer de
disembodiment~disembodiment
breakfront~breakfront
chivy~Chivy
distortion's~distortion's
underwriters~souscripteurs
bouncers~videurs
grapes~grapes
incisiveness's~de incisiveness
legislation's~La législation
hornpipe's~de hornpipe
splutter~bafouiller
shivs~shivs
Evita~Evita
serviettes~serviettes
important~important
Internet's~Internet de
fungous~fungous
refectory's~de réfectoire
fjord~fjord
created~created
Wang's~Wang
Rutledge~Rutledge
paralytic~paralytique
consensuses~consensus
sunburn~coup de soleil
frankness~frankness
Argonne's~Argonne de
oblique's~oblique de
splashdown~amerrissage
Delaware's~du Delaware
overpopulate~surpeupler
Deimos's~Années Deimos
shortchanged~floués
scarecrows~épouvantails
warmth~chaleur
engorging~engorging
chassis's~châssis de
unrelievedly~unrelievedly
Fijian's~de fidjiens
clockwork's~mouvement d'horlogerie de
flicker's~flicker's
obscenity's~obscénité de
Mumbai's~Mumbai de
Beowulf's~Beowulf de
Walton~Walton
gangster~gangster
ICU~soins intensifs
video~vidéo
pinned~épinglé
ceremonials~cérémonials
sandcastles~sandcastles
secreting~sécrétant
rhinovirus~rhinovirus
flourish's~flourish's
grepping~grepping
hauled~tracté
salter~saleur
Kyrgyzstan's~Kirghizistan de
harm's~harm's
kibitzed~kibitzed
disquiet's~disquiet's
configuration~configuration
patisseries~patisseries
Musial's~Musial de
Ronstadt's~Ronstadt de
Cd's~cd
firetrap~firetrap
treasury~Trésorerie
healer~guérisseur
midterms~mi-session
daemons~daemons
Sindbad's~Sindbad de
Miltonic~Miltonic
sexist~sexiste
nonappearance's~Années non-comparution
adept's~adepte de
grinder's~grinder's
lotuses~lotuses
fiasco~fiasco
headstands~headstands
destructed~destructed
railroads~chemins de fer
GB's~GB de
bronc's~cheval sauvage de
wand's~baguette de de
carbon~carbone
distress's~distress's
snood's~Années snood
coquette's~coquette's
northeastwards~le nord-est
subtext~sous-texte
Silurians~Silurians
pyrite~pyrite
redoubling~redoublant
subconsciousness~subconscience
spellchecks~spellchecks
staffers~membres du personnel
demisted~demisted
palliative's~de soins palliatifs
leopards~léopards
they'd~qu'ils avaient
swashbuckler's~de bretteur
wryly~avec ironie
Terri's~Terri de
realest~realest
zephyr's~zéphyr de
mama~maman
glowing~glowing
slows~ralentit
liqueurs~liqueurs
contraindication's~contraindication's
Waring~Waring
lucked~eu de la chance
meretricious~factice
prepossessing~avenant
dialogue~dialogue
hurling~hurling
Rollins~Rollins
rosemary~Romarin
restock~réapprovisionner
Loretta's~Loretta de
Dobro's~Dobro de
federalist~federalist
efficiency's~efficiency's
reopen~rouvrir
ioctl~ioctl
cartons~cartons
unaddressed~non adressé
meanderings~meanderings
jilts~Jilts
insipidity's~de fadeur
quiffs~quiffs
watchmaking's~de l'horlogerie
hangnails~hangnails
Schoenberg's~Schoenberg
nickelodeons~nickelodéons
plushest~plushest
sculptured~sculptural
Alpheratz's~Alpheratz de
plats~Plats
unlawfulness~illicéité
rover~vagabond
hypo~hypo
Vargas's~Vargas de
unpins~décloue
alphabetising~alphabetising
Iranians~Iraniens
allegations~allégations
beguilement~pillage
multidisciplinary~multidisciplinaire
buoying~balisage
kite~cerf-volant
cupidity's~cupidity's
pettishly~d'un air grognon
borrowed~emprunté
hark~hark
Dnepropetrovsk~Dnepropetrovsk
Bergerac~Bergerac
roarer~roarer
perpetrating~perpétrer
levitate~léviter
snub~snober
friend~friend
overshoes~surchaussures
descend~descend
bullhorn~porte-voix
herald~héraut
takeaways~plats à emporter
Jessica~Jessica
Bangkok's~Bangkok de
reciprocals~inverses
tricksters~filous
relocate~transférer
sprog~sprog
unity~unité
Semarang's~Semarang de
liquidator's~liquidateur de
repurchasing~rachat
statically~statiquement
complaisance~complaisance
hypoglycemics~hypoglycémiants
gimlets~gimlets
stalling~stabulation
cyclopedia's~cyclopedia's
decided~decided
willies~frissons
rooster~coq
Media~Médias
potsherd~tesson de poterie
pouter's~de boudeur
fallen~fallen
imbecile~imbécile
requirements~exigences
toddy~grog
nightstick~matraque
Laplace's~Laplace
unities~unautés
languor~langueur
Quonset's~quonset de
industrial~industriel
Father's~père
fooled~fooled
fungicidal~fungicidal
Labrador~Labrador
appealed~appel
snubbing~rebuffade
limy~calcaire
reapportioned~redistribution au
cytology's~cytology's
rising~en hausse
clingiest~plus collant
larkspurs~pieds d'alouette
autobahn~autobahn
rackets~raquettes
monogamist's~de monogame
Darlene~Darlene
carping~chicanier
breadth's~largeur de
isolation's~l'isolement de
mini's~mini de
fusillade~fusillade
loudhailer~loudhailer
jabberers~jabberers
alto's~alto de
faintness's~faintness's
impurely~impure
furlong's~furlong's
functioning~functioning
acclamation~acclamation
cosmonaut's~cosmonaut's
bloodbath's~de bain de sang
aquatics~sports aquatiques
bobsledded~bobsledded
Zephaniah~Sophonie
Beirut's~Beyrouth de
avaunt~arrangez
misleadingly~trompeusement
scarce~rare
deciphered~deciphered
pessimist's~pessimiste de
article's~des articles
dexterously~dexterously
researched~des recherches
Bekesy~Bekesy
serous~séreux
contortions~contortions
preheat~Préchauffer
remonstrating~remontrance
programmable's~programmable de
Neapolitan's~napolitain de
resell~revendre
Hickok~Hickok
chested~chested
outwardly~extérieurement
peelings~épluchures
jailbreaks~évasions
clap~taper
immediateness~immédiateté
inquisitional~indiscret
peewees~peewees
euchred~euchred
goshawk~goshawk
afterwords~postfaces
philately~philatélie
parathyroids~parathyroïdes
taboo's~les tabous
corm's~corm's
fleetly~fleetly
tee's~pièce en t
Eritrean~érythréen
schmaltz's~Schmaltz de
outfitter's~pourvoirie
Seljuk's~seldjoukide de
idealise~idéaliser
bifurcation's~bifurcation de
sombre~sombre
photographer~photographe
beleaguering~beleaguering
bedevilment~bedevilment
wino's~de Wino
firefighter~firefighter
reaching~atteindre
highers~highers
Gibbs~Gibbs
vibraphones~vibraphones
cerebra~cérébro
subsidised~subventionné
overhanded~overhanded
morals~morale
rocking~balancement
parricide~parricide
Spinx~spinx
rib's~travers de porc
Trippe~Trippe
flogger~flogger
sorties~sorties
Jinnah's~Jinnah de
selflessness's~de l'altruisme
zloties~zloties
clarification~clarification
fungicides~fungicides
Valletta's~La Valette du
swanked~swanked
backdrops~toiles de fond
quarrelsomeness's~querelleur de
benefactor~bienfaiteur
rerecorded~réenregistré
chaparral's~Années Chaparral
gherkin~gherkin
periwig's~Années periwig
preterite's~prétérit de
Romney's~Romney
FDR's~FDR
Novgorod's~Novgorod de
hammock~hammock
uninterpreted~non interprétée
minibus~minibus
circuiting~circuit
idealises~idéalise
Nouakchott's~Nouakchott de
foremast's~foremast's
hummocks~buttes
offbeat's~décalé de
indifference~indifférence
enormities~enormities
jounced~jounced
abeyance's~de suspens
tornadoes~tornades
quelling~réprimer
proteins~protéines
scouts~éclaireurs
Amparo~amparo
Ajax's~Ajax de
extent~extent
Como~Como
Balkhash~Balkhach
supplicant~suppliant
blockaders~bloqueurs
loutishly~loutishly
moisturiser~Crème hydratante
paramedic~paramédical
signing's~de signature
stroboscope~stroboscope
officiating~officiant
allures~Allures
dehumidifiers~dehumidifiers
moneymakers~faiseurs d'argent
Renaissance~Renaissance
acct~ACCT
matrix's~matrice de
volt~volt
save's~économie de
misreports~misreports
discount's~discount's
Steadicam~Steadicam
preeminent~prééminent
shirttail's~de shirttail
Zion's~SION
Chennai's~Chennai de
difference~difference
loft~grenier
conversely~conversely
enthusiasm's~enthusiasm's
huntsmen~veneurs
nips~lignes de contact
caw's~croassement de
Menkar~Menkar
trellis's~treillis de
desecrating~desecrating
jocular~enjoué
clamming~clamming
pouch~poche
famine's~famine's
irreligious~irréligieux
quivery~quivery
unkindlier~unkindlier
bumpkin's~Années Bumpkin
upholsterer~tapissier
Cancer's~cancer du
backwater~eau stagnante
hunkers~hanches
speculating~spéculant
editors~editors
rerouted~rerouté
welded~soudé
upholsterers~tapissiers
player~joueur
launderettes~laveries
herded~parqués
interstellar~interstellaire
unheated~non chauffé
ligation's~ligature de
rephotograph~re-photographie
regenerates~régénère
captor~ravisseur
Murat~Murat
rucksack~sac à dos
essaying~essaying
ionic~ionique
terrazzo~terrazzo
enough's~enough's
awardees~lauréates
odoured~odoured
quint's~quintuplés
spinneret~filière
crofts~crofts
paterfamilias's~Années paterfamilias
double's~double's
Pound~Livre
equivalent~equivalent
palates~palais
Phyllis~Phyllis
serine~sérine
egalitarian~egalitarian
plinth~socle
trickle's~filet de
Linwood~Linwood
tasteful~de bon goût
tucker's~tucker de
businessperson~homme d'affaires
hexameter~hexamètre
unshackle~émanciper
catheterising~catheterising
enabler~enabler
rotor's~rotor de
bauble's~babiole de
unworthier~unworthier
deluxe~deluxe
tapas~tapas
cathode~cathode
topically~topique
quilt's~couette années
leakier~moins étanches
CARE~SE SOUCIER
jimmying~jimmying
inquisitor's~Inquisiteur de
ultrasound's~échographie de
incomparable~incomparable
slipknot~nœud coulant
pigsty~porcherie
preponderant~prépondérant
Huff~Souffler
gatepost's~gatepost's
permutes~permute
deletion~deletion
abortively~en vain
aged~vieilli
watchman~gardien
appropriates~approprie
foamy~foamy
anticlimactically~anticlimactically
annuity's~contrats de rente
designate~designate
drumbeats~drumbeats
staking~jalonnement
photosynthesis's~de la photosynthèse
outlasted~survécu
numerically~numériquement
spartan~spartiate
unimpeded~sans entrave
snuffs~flaire
resonates~résonne
Aurelia's~Aurelia de
curing~curing
imperiously~impérieusement
rehang~raccrocher
freshman~freshman
conferee~conférencier
IRA~IRA
Phil~Phil
fillip~fillip
uninsured~non assurés
masterpiece's~chefs-d'œuvre
medicals~medicals
Fay's~Fay
bankrupting~faillite
Barents~Barents
physiques~morphologies
airdropped~parachutages
undergone~subi
gauntness~gauntness
legal~légal
naturalistic~naturaliste
Pythagorean~pythagoricien
latches~loquets
throbbing~battement
mainstream~courant dominant
mightiness~Splendeur
antiperspirants~antisudorifiques
deanship's~deanship's
speakers~haut-parleurs
swanning~swanning
nocturnes~Nocturnes
frugal~frugal
alb's~alb de
CinemaScope's~Années cinémascope
daisy's~daisy's
gherkins~gherkins
Dotson's~Dotson de
moistness's~moiteur de
plunk's~Plunk de
likeliness's~likeliness de
ladies~Dames
tomtit's~mésange de
ruggedness~rugosité
Aleutian's~Aléoutiennes de
womenfolk~femmes
tin~étain
basinful~basinful
puppeteer~marionnettiste
Tammuz's~Tammuz de
matins's~Années Matins
La's~Las
enforcer~enforcer
sensation~sensation
axiomatic~axiomatique
Salado's~Salado de
remover~dissolvant
ilium~ilion
common's~Chambre des communes
unfortunates~unfortunates
porcupine~porc-épic
litigants~plaideurs
impenetrable~impénétrable
blinder~œillère
Maude's~Maude
previous~précédent
philology's~philologie de
untouchables~intouchables
spaceflight's~vols spatiaux
commas~virgules
bodybuilding's~de musculation
tins~boites de conserves
magnification~grossissement
Ronda~Ronda
Gibraltar~Gibraltar
arrhythmical~arrhythmical
blandishing~blandishing
Edam~Edam
banger~pétard
nobly~noblement
Kalgoorlie's~Kalgoorlie de
clog's~obstruent de
inhibit~inhiber
rubber~caoutchouc
uncomprehending~incompréhensif
lineup's~gamme de
artful~astucieux
Octobers~octobres
sordidness's~de bassesses
puristic~puriste
pragmatist's~pragmatiste de
kohlrabies~choux-raves
Bulawayo's~Bulawayo de
merinos~mérinos
speedup~accélérer
bullfinches~bouvreuils
cutey~cutey
macadamia's~Années macadamia
phosphorous~phosphoreux
Briggs's~Briggs de
effacing~effacing
Patrica's~Patrica de
Dale~Vallée
voodoo's~de voodoo
mucky~boueux
Tracie's~Tracie de
reliance~dépendance
dewier~dewier
nutritiousness~nutritiousness
learned~appris
squeaker's~pouet de
druidism~druidism
screechiest~screechiest
tearful~en larmes
sourdoughs~levains
unstraps~unstraps
adjure~adjurer
incommode~gêner
consul~consul
founders~founders
coequally~coequally
paradigm's~paradigme de
Felecia~felecia
upper~plus haut
harelip's~harelip's
Sal's~Sal de
instalment's~versement de
psalteries~luths
zincs~zincs
Garbo's~Garbo de
anthropomorphically~anthropomorphique
tracheotomies~trachéotomie
matchstick~matchstick
dissension~dissension
correlative~correlative
unloosened~unloosened
Gilgamesh~Gilgamesh
ratified~ratifié
greenfly~greenfly
prolix~prolixe
sodomised~sodomisée
motorway~autoroute
headship's~de headship
rigs~plates-formes
vaporiser's~vaporiseur de
proboscis~trompe
angularities~angularité
easement's~easement's
scratchcard~carte à gratter
therewith~celui-ci
starter's~entrées
thyroids~thyroïdes
elevating~elevating
demigod's~demigod's
delft's~delft's
curers~curers
Mugabe~Mugabe
Lie's~Lie de
bricked~briqué
foundry~foundry
optimist's~optimiste de
stayed~séjourné
Westinghouse's~de Westinghouse
boasts~fanfaronnades
rushers~rushers
Short~Court
deal's~deal's
gougers~gougers
incompatibilities~incompatibilités
Jack~Jack
analgesia's~analgésie de
riming~givrage
Tlingit's~Tlingit de
meliorating~meliorating
IV~IV
demigoddesses~demigoddesses
Soho~Soho
earthworks~earthworks
fuhrers~fuhrers
innkeeper~aubergiste
preexist~préexister
paramecium~paramécie
swot~bosser
noting~notant
pitchman~pitchman
turbots~turbots
Marci~Marci
disprovable~disprovable
guile~guile
falsification~falsification
rigatoni~rigatoni
Aline~Une ligne
porousness's~de porosités
urchins~oursin
shrubbiest~shrubbiest
neurosurgeons~neurochirurgiens
chaotically~chaotiquement
Moravian's~Moravie du
quintuple's~Années quintuples
eyeglass's~eyeglass's
sol~sol
resurrection's~La résurrection du
damaging~damaging
necrosis~nécrose
abominations~abominations
Wolfe~Wolfe
polymath~esprit universel
telemarketer~télévendeur
Andretti~Andretti
telegraphist's~de télégraphiste
rabbet~feuillure
europium~europium
nihilists~nihilistes
Madagascans~Malgaches
emulsification's~emulsification's
arbitraments~arbitraments
balladry's~de balladry
husky~rauque
clipper's~coupe de
Ankara's~Ankara de
machinated~machinated
tawny~fauve
Benz~Benz
Baggies~Baggies
Wilton's~Wilton de
weigh's~peser de
Ziegler~Ziegler
draught's~draught's
vignette's~vignette de
stated~déclaré
parishioner's~de paroissien
outguessing~outguessing
typesetting's~de photocomposition
martensite~martensite
parader~Parader
that'd~ce serait
falconer's~falconer's
intolerant~intolérant
ornithologists~ornithologistes
feather~feather
seventies~soixante-dix
mimed~mimé
tomfoolery's~pitrerie de
tog's~fringues
nonentities~nullités
SARS~SRAS
afterglows~afterglows
chisel's~ciseau de
meerschaum's~écume de mer de
bequeaths~lègue
scripture~écriture
reallocates~réaffecte
Leona's~Leona de
fibrefill~fibrefill
vaccinated~vacciné
Nicodemus's~Nicodemus de
fads~fads
democrat's~democrat's
vexations~vexations
Chipewyan's~Années Chipewyan
cinnamon~cannelle
tech's~technologie de
clown's~de clown,
Alhambra~Alhambra
cums~cums
bio~bio
chevalier's~chevalier de
tucked~caché
bemused~stupéfié
orbs~orbes
impermeably~manière étanche
exigence~exigence
heir~héritier
bindery's~Façonnage de
dutiful~dutiful
extroverts~extroverts
bartender~barman
unstopping~unstopping
piecework~travail à la pièce
recklessness~insouciance
squashing~écrasement
pinko's~Pinko de
flexes~flexes
Mexicans~Mexicains
grouched~grouched
peristalses~peristalses
vindication's~de vindicte
phosphorescently~phosphorescente
formalin~formalin
secretiveness~cachotteries
idolising~idolâtrer
Avesta~Avesta
Demerol~Demerol
Stephen's~Stephen
Corinthians~Corinthiens
truthfully~vérité
exteriors~exteriors
ballerina's~ballerine de
vitamins~vitamines
overgeneralises~overgeneralises
kelp's~kelp de
Zinfandel~Zinfandel
synchronisation's~synchronisation
goalies~goalies
Anchorage's~Anchorage de
savage's~sauvage de
euthanize~euthanize
motorcycle~moto
hangout's~hangout's
showrooms~salles d'exposition
creme's~creme's
internals~internes
binomial~binôme
Chiba~Chiba
mukluks~mukluks
washout~érosion
browned~bruni
Benz's~Benz de
acrophobia~acrophobie
speechlessly~sans voix
hellbent~enfer plié
earthlings~earthlings
pat's~tapotement
function's~function's
pushbike~Trottinette
ovation~ovation
Camacho's~Camacho
restaff~restaff
wrenched~arrachait
whitener~blanchisseur
marshland's~Années marécageuses
hustings's~hustings de
interaction's~l'interaction de
bravest~plus courageux
brightened~égayé
twink~twink
complains~Se plaint
wimping~wimping
jeer~railler
Sudra's~Sudra de
worthlessness~inutilité
quintuplet~quintuplé
pallets~palettes
stepparent's~beaux parents
Hasidim~hassidim
gamma~gamma
peak~de pointe
volition~volition
feats~feats
afterbirths~délivres
centimetre's~centimètre de
cedilla's~cédille de
asperity's~aspérité de
Dis's~Dis de
Goethe's~Goethe
milt's~laitance de
repacking~remballage
portlier~portlier
Azana~Azana
extempore~extempore
reequipping~rééquipement
Ont~Ont
Teutonic's~teutonique de
somnolence~somnolence
disagreements~disagreements
precaution~précaution
O'Brien's~O'Brien
sensitised~sensibilisé
consecutively~consécutivement
webbed~palmé
illumine~éclairer
enunciation's~enunciation's
locust~criquet
borer~foret
QC~QC
sweeping's~balayures
Tabriz~Tabriz
stratospheres~stratosphères
undercover~à l'abri
proton's~proton
bureaucratic~bureaucratique
Hinton~Hinton
Antigua~Antigua
clubhouses~clubhouses
algebra's~algèbre de
flavours~flavours
chops~côtelettes
macho~macho
halftones~halftones
scarecrow's~épouvantail
shell's~coquilles
reticently~avec réticence
boxrooms~débarras
betray~trahir
retweeting~retweeting
Jenna~Jenna
burnout~Burnout
captious~chicanier
disordered~disordered
aphoristic~aphoristique
strapped~sanglé
Fiat's~Fiat de
lotion~lotion
overbid~surenchérir
citron~citron
Joaquin~Joaquin
utilitarian~utilitaire
Stanley~Stanley
dissidence~dissidence
oleanders~lauriers-roses
cockneys~cockneys
buffeted~secoués
bionic~bionique
Sayers's~Années Sayers
topcoats~couches de finition
pinball's~flipper de
urinalysis's~analyse d'urine de
Vazquez's~Vazquez de
monist's~moniste de
buskins~brodequins
typicality's~de typicité
adversarial~contradictoire
concubine~concubine
acronyms~acronymes
dicier~dicier
tube~tube
alp~alpe
misconstrued~mal interprété
Fauntleroy's~Fauntleroy de
Tagalog~Tagalog
Marx's~Marx
radar~radar
polishes~polit
Serbia's~Serbie de
sipper~sipper
Dschubba's~Dschubba de
auctioneer's~commissaire-priseur de
peevishness~maussaderie
backbenches~arrière-ban
oyster's~Huîtres
moulder's~mouleur de
rainbows~arcs en ciel
pules~pules
jitney's~de taxibus
weld~souder
rainwater's~eaux de pluie
borer's~pyrale du
g~g
Nexis~Nexis
sidetrack~dérouter
tenuousness's~de ténuité
escapologist~escapologist
ABCs~ABCs
ferryboat~ferryboat
tightrope's~corde raide de
woodchuck's~de marmotte
Debbie's~Debbie
metatarsi~métatarses
plangency's~de plaintif
fifty~fifty
outstandingly~remarquablement
summer~été
underfed~sous-alimenté
Toyota's~Toyota
Clairol~Clairol
juggled~jonglé
Fullerton's~Fullerton de
overcoming~surmonter
Beck~ruisseau
Alsop's~Alsop de
Cockney's~Cockney de
battery~batterie
parallelogram~parallélogramme
archway~voûte d'entrée
symmetric~symétrique
outflanked~débordés
belligerent~belligérant
awoken~awoken
prerecording~préenregistrement
whereupon~après quoi
jeer's~Années Geer
brownie~lutin
respondent~intimé
guildhall~guildhall
unacceptability~inacceptabilité
Senecas~Tsonnontouans
phalanx's~phalanges de
froufrou~froufrou
cancellation's~annulation de
genitalia's~genitalia's
undershorts's~Années caleçons
countable~countable
trundler's~de trundler
raves~raves
objurgation~objurgation
Angelique~Angelique
diocesan~diocesan
cornrowing~cornrowing
selfishness~égoïsme
countesses~countesses
reanimation's~de reanimation
constructions~constructions
Mozambique's~Mozambique de
creamiest~creamiest
mate~camarade
recourse's~recours de
diadem's~diadem's
curvy~curvy
focused~focused
unforeseen~imprévu
lodestone~magnétite
clot~caillot
Pakistan~Pakistan
insurgency~insurrection
blogger~blogueur
needlewoman~couturière
SAC~SAC
Hagar's~Hagar
sickens~écœure
Darfur~Darfour
stockier~trapue
chromium's~chrome de
sizzles~grésille
outlaid~décaissés
suspense~le suspense
Little's~de petits
Rotterdam~Rotterdam
idiots~idiots
combine's~combiner de
cabinet~cabinet
remotely~à distance
Chavez~Chavez
bigwigs~gros bonnets
herd's~troupeau de
inhabit~habiter
Tl's~tl de
Enrico's~Enrico de
raisins~raisins secs
scrabbler~scrabbler
impending~imminent
imprimaturs~imprimatur
breakout~éclater
interpenetrates~interpénètre
perishing~périssant
sneakily~sneakily
Nissan's~Nissan
muzzles~muselières
insolubility's~de insolubilité
representations~représentations
place's~des endroits
speechifying~pérorait
underthings~sous-vêtements
Mountie's~mountie de
baggier~baggier
spatula~spatule
quack's~charlatan de
abated~apaisée
Chauncey~Chauncey
layover~halte
dot~dot
castigator~castigator
dunderheads~dunderheads
curvaceousness's~curvaceousness's
unzip~Décompressez
ambulancewomen~ambulancewomen
sandblaster's~Années sableuse
rupiah~roupie
hoedown~hoedown
altruists~altruistes
rhubarb's~rhubarbe de
madrasah's~Années madrasas
frowzily~frowzily
confabulate~converser
bodice's~corsage de
sidewalk's~trottoirs
backward~rétrograde
surroundings~alentours
morgue's~morgue de
swarms~essaims
fervour~fervour
sparser~clairsemés
Domingo~Domingo
tannest~tannest
park's~parc de
chastisement~châtiment
decilitre~decilitre
Betty's~Betty
motorcycle's~motocyclettes
Azerbaijan's~Azerbaïdjan de
libations~libations
jungles~jungles
antislavery~antiesclavagiste
bonbons~bonbons
expanse's~expanse's
African~africain
Lankan's~sri de
cameras~appareils photo
multifariously~multifariously
Halloween's~Halloween de
invulnerability's~invulnérabilité de
tidelands~Tidelands
faffs~faffs
bedrock's~du substrat rocheux
modulates~modulent
wains~wains
typist's~de dactylo
Anubis~Anubis
bandeau~bandeau
lintiest~lintiest
stickler~rigoriste
Wilder~Wilder
ruby~rubis
centavo's~centavo de
Vienna~Vienne
Salamis~Salamis
spiracles~spiracles
unpolluted~non pollué
city's~ville de
ferniest~ferniest
sublimated~sublimés
implant~implant
auspiciousness~auspiciousness
Beefaroni's~Beefaroni de
attempts~tentatives
prepositionally~prepositionally
explicable~explicable
repudiator's~repudiator de
clubhouse~club-house
sallowest~sallowest
care's~les soins de
snakeskin~snakeskin
hyping~battage publicitaire
gelatin's~gelatin's
expiring~expiring
lifesaver~bouée de sauvetage
sorbet's~Années sorbets
coloratura~colorature
scrambler's~scrambler de
reattach~refixer
feted~feted
confounding~confondant
Haney's~Haney
gift~gift
proposal~proposition
evicts~evicts
assailed~assailli
bureaucrat's~bureaucrate
hammerlock~hammerlock
redcoats~redcoats
Davidson~Davidson
resemblance's~ressemblance de
Episcopalian~épiscopalienne
nonage's~nonage de
lumpish~pataud
vaped~vaped
demonetising~demonetising
medicaid~assistance médicale aux indigents
guesstimates~guesstimates
Merrimack's~Merrimack de
wives~épouses
planer's~raboteuse de
boo's~boo de
citrons~cédrats
underwriter~souscripteur
mickey's~mickey de
keenly~vivement
whaler's~de Whaler
interposes~interpose
unmixed~sans mélange
quarterbacked~quart-arrière
Heidegger~Heidegger
premolar~prémolaire
Davis's~Davis
inconvenient~incommode
exclusionary~exclusionary
redeeming~rédempteur
flambe's~flambe's
unmediated~sans intermédiaire
exclude~exclude
tethered~attaché
lynching~lynchage
uncloak~dévoiler
notarization's~de notarisation
materialise~se concrétiser
Harte's~Harte de
pinholes~trous d'épingle
methyl~méthyle
prettifying~enjoliver
Wiesel's~Wiesel
rosin~colophane
inertness~inertie
capstones~couronnements
contesting~contesting
adapting~adaptation
spitball~spitball
outlooks~perspectives
Oglethorpe's~Oglethorpe de
Olav's~Olav
clogs~sabots
Jogjakarta's~Jogjakarta de
defunct~defunct
joy's~la joie de
effervescent~effervescent
encampments~encampments
phototypesetter~photocomposeuse
Nabokov~Nabokov
swerve's~embardée de
eradication's~eradication's
sparklers~sparklers
haematological~haematological
tellurium~tellure
nixing~nixing
Fagin's~Fagin de
subheads~intertitres
discourteous~discourteous
Jennifer's~de Jennifer
arbiter~arbitre
federations~federations
Sadie~Sadie
rickrack~croquet
colonial's~coloniale de
technophobe~technophobe
defection~defection
beefy~costaud
dizziness~dizziness
precipitately~précipitamment
rowels~éperons
Chattanooga~Chattanooga
heifers~génisses
pimpernel's~Années Pimpernel
concatenation~enchaînement
Chase~Chasse
artfulness~ruse
cheeseboards~plateau de fromages
shebang~case
mispronounces~mal prononcé
gerontology's~gerontology's
pitheads~carreau des mines
makes~fait du
Mahican's~Mahican de
shunned~boudé
psychological~psychologique
Brie~Brie
detonating~detonating
Peugeot's~de Peugeot
Ethiopian's~éthiopiennes de
squaws~squaws
Dnepropetrovsk's~Dnepropetrovsk de
foyer~foyer
llama~lama
mailboxes~boîtes aux lettres
Oldfield's~Oldfield de
campaigners~les militants
bogey~bogey
candelabras~candelabras
lovemaking~faire l'amour
Terra's~Terra de
southeasters~southeasters
org~org
embower~embower
obfuscation's~de faux-fuyants
landless~sans terre
torches~torches
monsoons~moussons
squished~ratatinée
sheered~a fait une embardée
unseen's~invisibles de
dine~dine
infinity~infini
Sweet~Doux
kayak's~kayak de
purgatives~purgatifs
velvety~velouté
infantile~infantile
Branch's~Direction générale de
horsiest~horsiest
Windward's~Windward de
fallout's~fallout's
sleaziest~sleaziest
nanosecond~nanoseconde
alchemists~alchimistes
bows~arcs
ameliorate~améliorer
realising~la réalisation
Sacco's~Sacco de
aconites~aconits
needs~Besoins
Vespasian's~Vespasien
converse's~converse's
tableland's~de tableland
fortunately~fortunately
Lao's~Laos
petunia~pétunia
spears~lances
seahorse~hippocampe
mainstay's~pilier de
commended~a félicité
Roddenberry~Roddenberry
biplanes~biplans
gallivant~gallivant
proteges~proteges
instinctive~instinctif
boogies~boogies
cinder's~Années mâchefer
guttersnipe's~guttersnipe's
wigwag~WIGWAG
Aurora~Aurore
conjures~Invoque
troubleshoot~dépanner
broughams~Brougham
corollary~corollary
Gullah~gullah
inheritors~héritières
shrews~musaraignes
dehydrator's~dehydrator's
Nisan~Nisan
suffragist~suffragette
tersest~tersest
interlarding~entrelarder
radiotherapy's~de la radiothérapie
Valium's~Valium de
Hershey's~Hershey
dislocated~dislocated
photocopied~photocopié
underage~mineur
Photostats~photostats
foresee~foresee
axiom's~axiome de
rousting~Broustin
exigency's~exigency's
uplifts~surrections
Filofax~Filofax
transgressor~transgresseur
Halon's~halon de
spelldowns~spelldowns
scarves~écharpes
Anacreon~Anacréon
infesting~infester
Acropolis~Acropole
upstairs~en haut
conditioner's~conditionneur de
Mach~Mach
vouchsafing~daigner
GCC's~GCC
genuineness's~genuineness's
taproot~racine pivotante
barraged~barraged
demobs~demobs
stowing~remblayage
tattoo~tatouage
becomes~devient
reopens~rouvre
privateer's~Années flibustiers
pestiferous~pestilentiel
thiamine's~de thiamine
seaside~bord de mer
bimbos~bimbos
generousness's~generousness's
memsahibs~memsahibs
initiative~initiative
linen~lin
heyday's~apogée de
girlhood's~girlhood's
Borneo~Bornéo
interregnum's~interrègne de
Altair's~Altair de
whimpered~gémis
royalties~redevance
tubfuls~tubfuls
vociferation~vocifération
caitiffs~caitiffs
repetitive~répétitif
Hellenistic~hellénistique
corduroy's~corduroy's
individualists~individualistes
caption~légende
fomented~fomented
smoother~lisse
gripe~gripe
burn~brûler
ungrammatical~agrammatical
autopsying~autopsie d'
demonised~demonised
campanologist's~campanologist de
barkeeper's~barkeeper de
mores's~les mœurs de
casebook~casebook
hackwork~hackwork
Singer's~Chanteurs
Harold~Harold
upraise~upraise
oddness's~de oddness
misfiring~raté
humanitarian~humanitaire
tastelessness's~tastelessness de
imitation's~imitation de
transmit~transmettre
Norsemen's~Années Norsemen
hermetically~hermétiquement
omnipresence~omniprésence
acropolis~acropole
codifies~codifie
COBOLs~COBOLs
run~courir
rascally~coquin
stutterer~bègue
gangsta~gangsta
pawnshop~prêteur sur gage
craven~craven
drapery~drapery
williwaw's~Williwaw de
bankable~bancable
underrated~méconnu
outpost~avant-poste
basketball's~basketball
immunised~immunisée
ceremonially~cérémonieusement
cotangent~cotangent
aptest~aptest
Oxfords~richelieus
superstar~superstar
outperforming~rendement supérieur
zappers~zappers
disquietude's~disquietude's
trafficker~trafiquant
Cid's~Cid années
alcoholically~alcoholically
supporter's~partisans
tangy~acidulé
regulated~réglementé
compressors~compresseurs
spike~pointe
Xians~Xians
Haitians~Haïtiens
Lance~Lance
rejudge~rejudge
integration~l'intégration
harmonics~harmonics
agitates~agite
extractor~extractor
lingerie's~lingerie années
misruling~misruling
demonstrated~demonstrated
tuque's~tuque de
candid~Candide
paramour~amant
possessions~possessions
potentate~potentat
pruning~taille
outgrowths~excroissances
consistences~consistances
chariot~char
Moet~moet
astrolabes~astrolabes
intellectualised~intellectualisée
Volvo's~Volvo
spate's~série de
exorcises~exorcises
embossing~embossing
imprecating~imprecating
laggard's~de retardataires
Landry~Landry
expansion's~expansion's
centrifuges~centrifugeuses
prices~des prix
Mozambique~Mozambique
caravans~caravanes
darers~darers
Melton's~Melton de
prime's~NOMMÉ PAR LE pREMIER
guiltless~guiltless
seduction~séduction
tramper's~de Tramper
ayahs~ayahs
birdlike~birdlike
decays~decays
privier~privier
refasten~refixer
abrogation~abrogation
pigeonhole's~pigeonhole de
cirrhotics~cirrhotiques
haematite's~haematite's
couchette~couchette
trackless~sans chenilles
knavishly~knavishly
erected~erected
sunshade~parasol
Internationale's~Internationale de
within's~au sein de
fingerboards~fingerboards
rhinitis's~rhinite de
layaway~mise de côté
Samoa's~Samoa de
post~poster
sedgy~joncs
reintegrating~réintégration
electromagnetism~electromagnetism
restaurant~restaurant
gravel's~gravel's
straggled~traînaient
gainsaying~gainsaying
percolated~percolé
psychoanalyses~psychanalyses
fetlocks~fetlocks
kernel's~graines
landing~atterrissage
sunspot's~taches solaires de
Bharat's~Bharat de
dyslexic's~dyslexic's
Tabriz's~tabriz de
Panama~Panama
skunk~moufette
Banjarmasin~Banjarmasin
bashfulness's~de pudeurs
unitising~modularisation
lyre's~cithare de
gyro's~gyro's
gestating~gestating
confine's~limites
panatella~panatella
toolbox~boîte à outils
flagellum~flagellum
daffier~daffier
grog~grog
estoppel~estoppel
malignancy's~tumeur maligne de
Izanami's~Izanami de
futzed~futzed
wolfram's~Wolfram
Arabians~arabians
alertness~vigilance
glassiest~glassiest
nub's~de nub
inexactly~inexactement
airbrush's~années airbrush
darkie~darkie
Utopia~utopie
icily~de façon glaciale
leaser~leaser
eroticism~eroticism
Mantegna's~Mantegna
reputability's~de reputability
rate's~les taux
barmaid's~Années barmaid
Etruria~Étrurie
Thurman~Thurman
guiders~guiders
racialism~racisme
trinitrotoluene's~de trinitrotoluène
Bethlehem~Bethléem
Pyotr~Pyotr
millionairess~millionairess
scurrilousness's~scurrilousness de
MB~MB
slant~incliner
burnishers~polisseuses
testiness's~de testiness
observance~observance
ll~ll
sorrowing~affligée
Trajan~Trajan
greenflies~greenflies
oviducts~oviductes
suppurating~suppurante
veal's~veau de
burgh~ville
elf's~elf's
heathen~païen
miasma's~miasmes de
bulkier~plus volumineux
unwinding~déroulement
dethrone~dethrone
arduousness's~de pénibilité
gallery~gallery
vindicates~donne raison
antiabortion~antiabortion
packaging's~de l'emballage
anaesthetist's~anesthésiste de
lamps~les lampes
captain's~cAPITAINE
Spaatz~Spaatz
Tania~Tania
major~Majeur
analogue~analogue
narcotisation~NARCOTISATION
Reid~Reid
Astaire's~Astaire de
television's~de la télévision
fixed~fixed
uppercuts~uppercuts
reactor's~du réacteur
tilt~inclinaison
taker~preneur
rounder~rounder
donnish~donnish
barbarianisms~barbarianisms
apatite's~apatite de
Charlemagne~Charlemagne
Fizeau~Fizeau
liberalisation's~la libéralisation du
pinnacle~sommet
bluffest~bluffest
trackball's~de boule de commande
eccentricity's~eccentricity's
walloping~phénoménal
Lt~Lt
curable~curable
stylishly~élégamment
bittier~bittier
simultaneity~simultanéité
questionnaire's~questionnaire de
geriatric~geriatric
draughtsman's~draughtsman's
kiosks~kiosques
loyalism~loyalisme
RSFSR~RSFSR
palimony~palimony
revengeful~vindicatif
inlaid~incrusté
grannies~grannies
copra's~copra's
spatters~gicle
conspiracy's~conspiration de
dasher's~dasher's
apprenticing~en apprentissage
thingummies~bidules
doormat~doormat
Herman's~HERMAN
aqualung's~Aqualung de
autobiographies~autobiographies
ding's~ding's
briber~corrupteur
reliefs~reliefs
gastroenteritis's~gastroenteritis's
headgear's~couvre-chef de
sender's~éMETTEUR
disappointing~disappointing
pickax's~pickax de
COBOL~COBOL
privates~privates
maturation's~maturation de
bellwether~bellwether
widower~veuf
cold's~fait froid
spectating~spectating
Avery~Avery
linker~éditeur de liens
palliated~pallié
repeal's~abrogation de
conjectures~conjectures
mealybug's~cochenilles de
redemptive~rédempteur
Legendre~Legendre
transcript's~de transcription
detaches~detaches
modals~modaux
pittance~somme dérisoire
quiches~quiches
Noel~Noel
Louise's~Louise de
tandem's~tandem de
traditionalist's~de traditionalistes
consecration~consécration
turd's~crotte de
subjugating~subjuguant
spectacles's~lunettes de
printed~imprimé
stinks~pue
Norfolk's~Norfolk de
journalism's~journalisme de
dissimulator~dissimulator
tour's~Tour de
foreclosures~foreclosures
instigation~instigation
stratum's~strate de
Oxycontin~Oxycontin
obligatorily~obligatoirement
plagiary's~plagiaire de
merging~fusion
Haleakala~Haleakala
redress~redresser
formulated~formulated
splayfoot's~de marché en canard
Weddell's~Weddell de
conditioning~conditionnement
unconvinced~pas convaincu
oscillator's~oscillateur de
synthesizers~synthétiseurs
willowy~svelte
triglycerides~triglycérides
laces~lacets
descriptiveness~descriptiveness
hastened~hâta
Lilliput~Lilliput
categorisation~catégorisation
inoffensively~inoffensivement
snowfalls~Chutes de neige
verdict's~verdict de
counterespionage~counterespionage
dregs~dregs
snowshoe~raquette
ancillary's~accessoires de
mole's~Mole
shipwrights~shipwrights
ringtone's~sonnerie de
rounders~Rounders
Paley's~Paley de
xerography's~de xérographie
Frunze's~Frounze de
Lola's~Lola
whingers~whingers
cued~cued
lameness~boiterie
avocation's~de avocation
haemorrhaged~haemorrhaged
barely~à peine
tiffing~tiffing
devitalises~devitalises
Colbert~Colbert
Stafford's~Stafford de
Michelob's~Michelob de
Nyasa~Nyasa
salesman's~vendeur de
bulling~Bulling
Maserati's~Maserati de
smudges~taches
jocularity~jovialité
airstrip~piste d'atterrissage
gaps~gaps
scruple~scrupule
minicam~minicam
sulkier~sulkier
premarital~avant le mariage
unbelief's~incroyance de
Hallmark's~Hallmark de
glaciated~glaciated
Ride~Balade
stomachache's~maux d'estomac
muskeg~Muskeg
strand~brin
mansard's~mansardes de
rectory~presbytère
unobtainable~impossible à obtenir
sunburns~coups de soleil
infamies~infamies
virtues~vertus
desperateness's~desperateness's
ruminant's~ruminants de
Prius~Prius
glance~glance
remarried~remarié
cambered~bombé
hooter's~avertisseur de
licenses~licences
sumptuousness~somptuosité
gelled~gelled
eddy~eddy
pilothouses~pilothouses
ripped~déchiré
interception~interception
monists~monistes
defenced~defenced
Delicious~Délicieux
bolus~bol
calluses~callosités
abridgements~raccourcissements
sensitises~sensibilise
rein~rêne
colour~Couleur
Stallone~Stallone
maniac~maniaque
Avis~Avis
dissolve~dissolve
hemlocks~pruches
newbies~newbies
shortage~pénurie
likewise~également
rhomboids~rhomboïdes
Corsica~la Corse
fireguards~fireguards
Pocahontas~Pocahontas
forced~forced
phonological~phonologique
Grosz~Grosz
springbok~springbok
clownishness~bouffonnerie
sneaked~infiltrés
snorkeler's~de snorkeler
postdocs~postdocs
catnip~cataire
ultimately~en fin de compte
pollution's~la pollution de
felts~felts
oar's~oar de
simplex~simplex
stigmatising~stigmatisante
expel~expel
rioting~émeutes
urbanest~urbanest
hugely~extrêmement
helping's~aide de
cinematographers~cinématographes
breathy~breathy
immodesty's~de impudeur
tastiest~savoureux
intercontinental~intercontinental
haddock~haddock
blade~lame
primp~pomponner
tapir~tapir
lo~lo
noontime~midi
replication~réplication
traceable~traçabilité
arousing~éveillant
ramekin's~ramequin de
Renault~Renault
levering~Levering
schoolmate's~camarade de classe de
synthetics~tissus synthétiques
lobbyists~lobbyistes
Lycra~Lycra
gust~gust
Polyphemus~Polyphème
horseplay's~de chamaillerie
Theodore~Theodore
beneficently~salutairement
bookshelves~étagères
remarriage~remariage
nonpartisans~nonpartisans
assemblage's~assemblage de
thwarting~contrariété
Imus~Imus
Steven~Steven
notations~notations
playwright~dramaturge
wouldn't~ne serait pas
votaries~sectateurs
recursively~récursive
Hanoi's~Hanoi de
narcs~narcs
slovens~Slovènes
scuffing~éraflure
shapeless~informe
service's~prestations de service
rumourmonger's~rumourmonger de
leagued~ligués
markdown's~de démarquage
millennial~millénaire
tubed~tubed
dooryards~dooryards
Tahoe~Tahoe
mule's~la mule
Volcker's~Volcker de
abruptly~brusquement
Lithuania's~LITUANIEN
savagery's~la sauvagerie de
Mohaves~Mohaves
taxonomy's~taxonomie de
nibbler~grignoteuse
pugnacity's~de pugnacité
enlightening~enlightening
zirconium~zirconium
greengages~greengages
drupe's~drupe's
crossbowman~crossbowman
Zubeneschamali~Zubeneschamali
flummoxed~flummoxed
fact's~fact's
bewildering~déconcertant
fearlessness~fearlessness
cosiness~cosiness
Nirenberg's~Nirenberg de
Peru's~du Pérou
uni~Uni
Calgary~Calgary
appropriating~appropriant
translation's~traduction de
cell's~cellules
Baha'ullah~Baha'ullah
hyperactive~hyperactif
siren's~sirène des années
laughter~rire
sillies~sillies
unintelligible~inintelligible
Agustin's~Agustin de
gloat~gloat
vet's~vétérinaire de
tooter's~Tooter de
communed~communié
Ramiro's~Ramiro de
circulations~circulations
Ozymandias's~Années Ozymandias
Dyson~Dyson
wheal~papule
Chance's~Chance de
clamoured~réclamèrent
mortal's~mortel de
ritualism~ritualisme
rollicking's~exubérant de
Srivijaya~Srivijaya
cautious~prudent
Luria's~Luria de
Europe~L'Europe 
joyed~joyed
Antone's~Antone de
adjuster's~réglage de
unquotes~unquotes
blinis~blinis
virtually~virtuellement
ulcerates~ulcèrent
rebels~rebelles
Qatari's~qatari de
Nokia's~Nokia
polarised~polarisée
Rn's~rn de
Marne~Marne
Kuomintang's~Kuomintang de
Madonna's~Madonna
pleader's~plaideur de
spoof~parodie
Jeffrey~Jeffrey
stagnancy's~de stagnancy
Hester~Hester
vetches~vesces
comp~comp
tirade's~tirade de
desiccation's~desiccation's
jounce's~Années cahot
seismically~sismiquement
Akhmatova's~Akhmatova de
anklet's~anklet de
Dali's~Dali
godparent's~godparent's
employ's~employ's
intravenouses~intravenouses
filer~filer
pertinence's~Relevanz de
emulsifying~emulsifying
chap's~chap de
Tyson's~Tyson
caroller's~Caroller de
bespattered~éclaboussés
ellipsis~ellipsis
outlawed~hors la loi
SOS's~SOS de
Malawi~Malawi
humblings~humblings
gadgetry~gadgetry
publicises~publicise
psychiatrist~psychiatre
augmentation~augmentation
nebulously~nébuleusement
Heinrich~Heinrich
moppets~Moppets
Seward's~Seward de
quirkiness's~bizarrerie de
Barnes~Barnes
weightings~pondérations
punctuated~ponctués
shaman~chaman
sequoia's~séquoia de
showpiece~joyau
Chisholm's~Chisholm
gladdening~gladdening
windmilling~autorotation
decampment~decampment
kerbed~kerbed
Arcadia~Arcadia
roe~chevreuil
ubiquity~ubiquité
Eco~Eco
denseness~denseness
howsoever~de quelque manière que
Samson~Samson
reconstitute~reconstituer
interregnum~interrègne
erotics~erotics
vast~vaste
circling~encerclant
pachyderm~pachyderme
deport~deport
Brittney~Brittney
halberd's~halberd's
Scorpius's~Scorpius de
gritting~gritting
suzerains~suzerains
helots~ilotes
flaws~flaws
audiological~audiologie
Potter~Potier
dotage's~dotage's
squish~gargouillis
book's~livres
Antofagasta~Antofagasta
canine~canin
niggle~trouver à redire
rationale~raisonnement
clank's~Années clank
wields~brandit
Cherry~Cerise
clicks~clics
flora's~flora's
redeposits~redépose
overpasses~viaducs
palatal~palatale
Joann~Joann
Aborigines~aborigènes
Les~Les
front's~front's
Kngwarreye's~Kngwarreye de
rick~meule
nonsense~absurdité
competency's~de compétence
unquietest~unquietest
atheism~athéisme
Maitreya~Maitreya
triumphing~triomphant
Jordanian~jordanien
reappointing~renommant
bawl~brailler
parliamentary~parlementaire
Afrikaners~Afrikaners
rectifier~redresseur
thousand~mille
build~construire
hindrance~obstacle
coda~coda
marquesses~marquises
tans~tans
appropriation's~appropriation de
paintbrushes~pinceaux
woe's~malheur de
discreetness's~discreetness's
ATM~AU M
sameness~similitude
kissed~embrassée
uploading~Téléchargement
rainstorm's~de pluie torrentielle
unbecomingly~unbecomingly
seven's~sept de
catteries~chatteries
discounter's~discounter's
iguana~iguane
flavourings~flavourings
establish~establish
Melanie's~Mélanie
unrolled~déroulé
strenuous~ardu
Jeanine's~Jeanine de
Beaumont's~Beaumont de
deconstructing~deconstructing
unenforceable~inapplicable
harshest~plus sévère
handovers~handovers
nucleated~nucléées
eschews~eschews
Pittman~Pittman
boondocks~bled
humbles~humbles
delayed~delayed
cliff~falaise
scoff's~se moquer de
jungle's~jungle de
drillers~drillers
grouses~grouses
mayonnaise's~mayonnaise
much~beaucoup
therapeutically~sur le plan thérapeutique
Poland~Pologne
Fawkes's~Années Fawkes
bushmasters~Bushmaster
trivalent~trivalent
Czechoslovakian's~tchécoslovaques de
medievalists~médiévistes
customised~customised
john~John
creative's~creative's
Cousteau~Cousteau
bewail~se lamenter
cochlear~cochléaire
disapprobation~disapprobation
Shillong's~Shillong de
Jannie~Jannie
tessellation~tessellation
pother's~pother de
rot's~pourriture du
ordure~ordure
penitentiaries~établissements pénitentiaires
rewrite's~réécriture de
CRTs~CRTs
lockstep~Lockstep
sculls~avirons
villains~vilains
untasted~untasted
deranges~deranges
interface's~Interface de
Delmer's~Delmer de
myocardium~myocardique
commonweal~intérêt général
transducer~transducteur
wingnuts~wingnuts
spinals~rachianesthésie
Horace~Horace
stuffing's~de la farce
Diogenes~Diogène
iffy~iffy
reemployed~réemployée
counterexample~counterexample
commingle~amalgamer
joshes~joshes
nonconformist's~de anticonformistes
Tilsit's~Tilsit de
Jun's~juin de
atonality~atonalité
blacksnakes~blacksnakes
labyrinthine~labyrinthique
Karaganda~Karaganda
Jeannie's~Jeannie
Singer~Chanteur
reentry's~de réentrée
forsythia~forsythia
annotate~annoter
bossism's~de bossism
toffee's~de caramel au beurre
transplanted~transplanté
audiotape~cassette audio
setsquares~équerres *
sensibility's~la sensibilité de
indoctrinates~endoctrine
calmly~calmement
biologists~biologistes
ninja's~ninjas
crushed~crushed
tonsillectomies~amygdalectomie
scrimp~lésiner
rabidness~rabidness
Negros~Negros
ablates~procède à l'ablation
streakier~streakier
thanks~Merci
dysfunctions~dysfunctions
snuffly~snuffly
florescence's~florescence's
bathos's~Années Bathos
regrowth~repousse
dense~dense
minuteness~minutie
unseasonable~hors de saison
daft~daft
dolly's~dolly's
gurney~gurney
entry's~entry's
reoccupy~réoccuper
afire~un feu
ovation's~ovation de
Corsican's~corse du
planter~planteur
upending~bouleversant
Yahtzee's~Yahtzee de
sieved~tamisé
prohibitive~prohibitif
backpedal~rétropédalage
evasiveness~evasiveness
Diane~Diane
septic~septique
plot's~terrain de
Hoosier~Hoosier
fetus~fetus
hexadecimals~hexadécimaux
shushes~fait taire
Kafkaesque's~kafkaïenne de
dildo~dildo
baronet's~de baronnet
Guevara~Guevara
outrider~cavalier
enforcement~enforcement
whiteouts~poudrerie
ESE's~ESE de
defiler's~defiler's
splashiness's~splashiness de
Stockton~Stockton
thunderhead~thunderhead
knishes~knishes
Rommel's~Rommel
irascibly~irascibly
bottle~bouteille
Canadian's~Les Canadiens
Boyd~Boyd
liming~chaulage
farthest~farthest
siliceous~siliceux
ringing~sonnerie
underclass's~Années underclass
lowbrow~lowbrow
observant~observateur
selectman~selectman
Gagarin's~Gagarine
called~appelé
burqa's~Années burqa
khan~khan
comeuppances~comeuppances
pork's~du porc
rehabbing~rehabbing
kayak~kayak
spanner~clé à molette
Ham~jambon
Cessna~Cessna
periphrases~périphrases
signet~sceau
fusible~fusible
Titans~Titans
tuckering~tuckering
torridity~torridity
syndicalism~syndicalisme
boosting~stimuler
redwood~séquoia
Hammarskjold's~Hammarskjold de
neglected~négligé
marshmallows~guimauves
blasters~blasters
archduchess~archiduchesse
doled~doled
catlike~félin
overtaxes~surimpose
sociables~sociables
unfrequented~peu fréquenté
refortify~refortify
smith~forgeron
attenuate~s'atténuer
worsening~détérioration
Jo's~Jo
particularity's~particularité de
seventieths~seventieths
argumentation's~l'argumentation de
abolished~aboli
sort~Trier
Charmin~Charmin
beastly~bestial
Bodhidharma's~Bodhidharma de
essential's~essential's
tush's~Tush de
shanks~jarrets
dragonfly's~dragonfly's
Challenger's~Challenger de
euphemism~euphemism
communion's~la communion de
firetrucks~firetrucks
Monty's~Monty
therapy's~de thérapie
Dickson's~Dickson
knotholes~knotholes
vermilion~vermillon
remark's~remarques
vivisection~vivisection
atrocious~atroce
Simpsons~Simpsons
bulrush's~Années scirpe
reheard~réentendue
cambiums~cambiums
quotation~citation
reprint's~réimpression de
snuffling~reniflant
briefness's~Années brièveté
compactors~compacteurs
veneering~placage
chunked~chunked
rangers~rangers
relayed~relayée
eyewitnesses~eyewitnesses
toffee~caramel au beurre
omniscience's~omniscience de
ashes~cendres
Daisy~Marguerite
pokey's~Pokey de
clicked~cliqué
accusation's~accusation de
Chile~Chili
unhatched~unhatched
Darin~Darin
substrate~substrat
Mr's~Madame
measurably~mesurablement
inadequacy's~insuffisance de
Greek's~grec de
telemeter~télémètre
washerwomen~lavandières
Tull~Tull
shine's~éclat de
Topsy~Topsy
pent~réprimé
jousting~joutes
rebuilds~reconstruit
carthorse~carthorse
restructures~restructure
toastmasters~Toastmasters
Thurmond's~Thurmond de
artiness's~de artiness
tobogganing's~de tobogganing
guiltily~guiltily
camisole's~Camisole de
scorn's~le mépris de
disinfecting~disinfecting
sixtieths~sixtieths
genie's~genie's
slammers~slameurs
bloodlessly~sans effusion de sang
reunification~réunification
abjection~abjection
Managua's~Managua de
gloomy~gloomy
exiling~exiling
elude~elude
Saginaw~saginaw
peeling's~épluchures
appendicitis~appendicite
sticky~gluant
Paramaribo~Paramaribo
erroneous~erroneous
absurd~absurde
Sibelius's~Sibelius
dealers~dealers
firth~firth
appaloosas~appaloosas
howling~hurlement
worm's~vers
portended~présagé
perforation~perforation
heroins~heroins
misspoken~lapsus
Shorthorn~Shorthorn
availed~prévalue
volunteered~volontaire
FedEx's~FedEx de
spending's~les dépenses de
wittering~Wittering
memoir~mémoire
Latrobe~Latrobe
Lora's~Lora de
administrator's~administrateur
oversensitiveness's~Hypersensibilité de
cat's~chats
devastate~devastate
geriatrician~geriatrician
stench~puanteur
gazillion~gazillion
recalculation~recalcul
sonata~sonate
Luddite~luddite
tossers~branleurs
nightdresses~nuisettes
Delmar~Delmar
refiled~redéposée
Meghan's~Meghan de
Pratt's~Pratt
slenderness~finesse
MHz~MHz
uniting~unificateur
shelter~abri
unthinking~irréfléchi
redheaded~redheaded
macrophages~macrophages
maladjusted~inadapté
MacLeish~MacLeish
freckled~freckled
gearwheel~gearwheel
uptake~consommation
Sputnik's~Spoutnik de
pervert's~perverti de
voracious~vorace
hull's~coque de
longhairs~longhairs
Ochoa~Ochoa
cornmeal~cornmeal
ergosterol~ergosterol
puling~puling
exulted~exulted
tiredness's~de la fatigue
potion's~potion
lively~animé
glow's~glow's
fees~fees
screensaver~économiseur d'écran
pollster's~années sondeur
flightier~flightier
Greenspan's~Greenspan
crevasse~crevasse
Albanian's~albanais de
harpy's~harpie de
thousand's~milliers
racketeered~escroqués
squares~carrés
Wake's~Wake de
sync's~synchronisation de
Getty's~Getty de
unsaleable~invendable
platelet~plaquettes
sphinx~sphinx
deportee's~deportee's
nightclub~boîte de nuit
Jamaal's~Jamaal de
escapee~escapee
prayer's~prières
miaow~miaou
relapsing~récidivante
buttoned~boutonné
supplanted~supplanté
enveloper's~enveloper's
homebodies~casaniers
muck~boue
shinsplints~shinsplints
daintiness~daintiness
vacillations~vacillations
divinity~divinity
wiretaps~écoute électronique
quadruplicates~quatre exemplaires
Orville~Orville
Durante's~Durante de
affirmatively~affirmativement
pardonably~de façon excusable
internationalise~internationaliser
arse~cul
Kepler's~Kepler
Antwan's~Antwan de
crewel's~crewel's
iconoclast's~Années Iconoclast
cathedrals~cathédrales
Kaifeng's~Kaifeng de
gel~gel
sods~bougres
nine's~neuf de
snider~snider
corrugation's~corrugation's
sanity's~est sain d'esprit
bubo~bubon
fishiness~fishiness
pipe's~tuyau de
priestess~prêtresse
siphon~siphon
repeated~répété
wacks~Wacks
recitalist~récitaliste
livens~agrémente
Pantagruel's~Pantagruel de
Miamis~Miamis
fanatically~fanatically
Mandarin's~Mandarin de
reverently~pieusement
fundraising~fundraising
BPOE~BPOE
tailback~porteur de ballon
millstreams~farines des
primogenitor's~primogenitor de
duennas~duennas
austerity~austérité
dict~dict
unsweetened~non sucré
someday~un jour
inhabits~habite
nonagenarian~nonagénaire
jewellers~bijoutiers
tries~essais
pekingeses~pekingeses
derived~derived
boyhood~enfance
humph~hm
fineness's~fineness's
Jeanette's~Jeanette
storey~étage
worthy's~digne de
iridescently~iridescently
bungalow~bungalow
firths~firths
ricer's~Années Ricer
garage~garage
ounce~once
conveyance's~conveyance's
nephropathy~néphropathie
fleecier~fleecier
nanny~nounou
milestone~Étape importante
interference~ingérence
gambled~gambled
blessed~béni
tenets~principes
goldfinch's~goldfinch's
instants~instants
Abelard's~Abélard
eyed~eyed
Sequoya's~Sequoya de
Sherlock's~Sherlock
Esperanza~Esperanza
niobium's~niobium de
hectored~hectored
prism's~prisme de
Chernobyl~Tchernobyl
congratulation's~toutes nos félicitations
Costello's~Costello de
cymbalist's~cymbalist's
vacating~annulant
lawsuits~procès
humblest~humble
incisive~incisif
Neruda~Neruda
contused~contused
projection's~projection de
fink~fink
Michelangelo~Michel-Ange
retentively~rémanente
serigraph's~de serigraph
neodymium's~néodyme de
Cr~Cr
romp~jouer bruyamment
jihadists~djihadistes
musical's~de musique
riding's~de l'équitation
multiprocessing~multitraitement
maintains~maintient
roam~errer
warbonnet's~Années Warbonnet
Dow~Dow
coleslaw's~salade de chou de
kidney~un rein
probating~homologuer
seedpod~graines
overspreads~overspreads
spas~les thermes
dynamos~dynamos
Sherlock~Sherlock
sidelight's~de sidelight
applauded~applaudi
Rivers~rivières
swan~cygne
truth~vérité
unlearns~désapprend
Jesse's~Jesse de
Montesquieu's~Montesquieu
Masada's~Masada de
demobilise~demobilise
tints~teintes
Deann's~deann de
Hollander~Hollandais
tenterhook's~de clou à crochet
conkers~conkers
nautiluses~nautiles
jobber's~de jobber
gilder's~gilder's
Tutankhamen~Toutânkhamon
Salton's~Salton de
drive's~drive's
discouraging~discouraging
Ecuador's~Équatoriens
myriads~myriades
belligerency~belligérance
jostle's~bousculade de
dye~dye
exhumed~exhumed
repatriate~rapatrier
scuffles~Des échauffourées
committals~internements
damned~damned
Germanic~germanique
Whitfield's~Whitfield de
repatriations~rapatriements
switches~interrupteurs
senorita's~Années Senorita
Boole~Boole
assignable~assignable
Jacobi's~Jacobi
ties~cravates
exciter~exciter
dinginess's~dinginess's
matey~copain-copain
manipulator's~manipulateur de
Callahan's~Callahan
weeknight~soir de la semaine
spelunking's~de spéléo
inaugurated~inauguré
angled~incliné
mestizo~métis
gaucho~gaucho
Eileen~Eileen
promulgation~promulgation
wingnut's~wingnut de
circuitry~circuits
voguish~voguish
sergeant~sergent
Bushnell's~Bushnell de
showing's~montrant de
iceboat~yacht à glace
vagabonds~truands
Namibians~Namibiens
gods~gods
contemns~contemns
Nevada's~le Nevada
satin's~en satin
outplace~outplace
elitists~elitists
challenged~contesté
Darth~Darth
adverb~adverbe
toaster~grille-pain
Templar~Templiers
sprinkling's~de saupoudrage
electroscopic~electroscopic
Mandingo~Mandingue
Alberto~Alberto
incarnations~incarnations
forthright~forthright
grooviest~grooviest
kinematics's~cinématique de
chickens~poulets
bookmark's~signet de
confrontational~conflictuel
debunks~debunks
undeceived~détrompé
flashes~flashes
deification~deification
littoral~littoral
loop~boucle
tigers~tigres
hierarchically~hiérarchiquement
recombining~recombiner
Brahmas~brahmas
pasts~pasts
piercing~perçant
ocarina~ocarina
indium's~indium de
goody~goody
petrology~pétrologie
tippexes~tippexes
quickening~accélération
district's~district's
fesses~fesses
retold~redites
alphabetic~alphabétique
wholeheartedness's~de wholeheartedness
Lucretia~Lucretia
invents~invente
ethylene~ethylene
hymnbooks~hymnaires
Teuton~Teuton
arraigning~mettre en accusation
Stirling's~Stirling de
kindheartedness~bonhomie
greasily~greasily
Nehemiah's~Néhémie
sugarcoating~enrobage de sucre
Kerensky~Kerensky
Alcoa~Alcoa
pokey~taule
hyena's~hyène de
rehearsals~répétitions
hospitality~hospitalité
jauntiness's~de jauntiness
hatpins~épingles
sideline's~de ligne de touche
Upton~Upton
switched~commuté
hiked~fait une randonnée
brokered~Brokered
basket~panier
beautified~embellis
methodologically~méthodologiquement
chomps~chomps
anaesthesiology's~de anesthésiologie
vlf~VLF
Wylie's~Wylie de
sadomasochist~sadomasochiste
Britain~Grande-Bretagne
rout~déroute
prorogation~prorogation
rewashed~relavé
slightness's~slightness de
mongrel's~bâtarde de
foreshadowing~foreshadowing
repossessions~reprise de possession
mosaic~mosaïque
heedless~inattentif
Gilliam~Gilliam
resubscribes~resubscribes
Telugu's~Telugu de
Katharine's~Katharine
Ramiro~Ramiro
shorty's~Shorty
beggar's~mendiants
Poconos's~Poconos de
Justin~Justin
toxicity's~de toxicité
cogitator's~cogitateur de
obviation's~obviation de
hackles~hackles
unsullied~sans tache
salons~salons
randoms~randoms
southbound~vers le sud
hos~hos
delineated~delineated
Fromm's~Fromm
Bork~Bork
deadliness's~deadliness's
harelips~harelips
geezers~geezers
ballet's~le ballet de
reelects~réélit
karat~carat
plainest~plus simple
eavesdropped~eavesdropped
palaeontologists~paléontologistes
HBO~HBO
barefaced~éhonté
spindle~broche
impermissible~inadmissible
reunite~réunir
trains~les trains
nabs~NABS
unsnarl~unsnarl
kelvin's~kelvin de
peruke's~peruke de
trivialised~banalisées
raises~relances
Eliseo's~Eliseo de
Humberto's~Humberto de
brogan's~Brogan
deselect~deselect
fifth~fifth
OE~OE
Kevin~Kevin
Yolanda's~Yolanda de
benefactress~bienfaitrice
unlock~ouvrir
neutralise~neutraliser
stewardship's~gestion de
mahogany~acajou
swirl~tourbillon
windsocks~manches à air
jellyroll~jellyroll
Leann~Leann
saluting~saluant
ordeal's~Le calvaire de
radon~radon
Vickie~Vickie
CPA's~CPA
cataclysm~cataclysme
marginalising~marginalisant
Gorgon~Gorgone
voyages~voyages
Wittgenstein's~Wittgenstein
espresso~espresso
formalisation~formalisation
Newark~Newark
folksinging's~folksinging's
sharkskin~Peau de requin
alluded~fait allusion
swayback's~swayback de
unprepossessing~avenante
gulls~gulls
accursedness~accursedness
devaluations~devaluations
misspent~à mauvais escient
methought~methought
thoroughly~complètement
Wroclaw~Wroclaw
meters~mètres
pertness~impertinence
bandsman's~de bandsman
aegis~égide
stratification's~stratification de
lumberyard's~de lumberyard
Thoth~Thot
Mendeleev~Mendeleïev
bowed~inclina
texted~texto
sharpens~aiguise
virgins~vierges
beseech~supplier
ossified~ossifié
desirability's~desirability's
expressions~expressions
insanely~insensément
undistributed~non distribués
recipes~recettes
sedating~sédative
requited~rétribué
participator's~de participator
Titanic~Titanesque
careening~caréner
congeries's~congeries de
petroleum's~pétrole de
wraiths~spectres
liposuction's~de la liposuccion
unbalancing~déséquilibrant
clerked~auxiliaire juridique
bloodiest~la plus sanglante
amerced~amerced
thymine's~de thymine
outgrow~devenir trop grand pour
spoil~gâcher
caving~Spéléologie
desiccant~desiccant
basalt~basalte
quandaries~dilemmes
Hobart~Hobart
washouts~affouillements
bridgeable~bridgeables
ICBM's~de ICBM
balsas~Balsas
raper's~Raper de
basso's~basso de
propensities~propensions
clemency~clémence
curative~curative
drugs~drugs
grownup's~grownup's
thoroughgoing~en profondeur
Sophocles's~Années Sophocles
neutrals~tons neutres
Yugoslavian's~de yougoslaves
nepotism~népotisme
messed~foiré
Malays~Malays
quickstep~étape rapide
strut~se pavaner
calfskin~veau
perigees~périgée
cursoriness~cursoriness
Velcro's~Velcro de
bore's~alésage de
talc~talc
tenderisers~attendrisseurs
intersect~couper
warrantied~warrantied
Ochoa's~Ochoa de
Usenet~Usenet
guesthouses~guesthouses
slummier~slummier
Powhatan~Powhatan
Sharif's~Sharif de
Cepheus~Céphée
strewth~Strewth
Cadillac~Cadillac
sheeniest~sheeniest
Ashcroft's~Ashcroft de
ruddy~rouge
urinates~pisse
moratorium's~moratoire de
Potemkin~Potemkine
lunkheads~lunkheads
Plautus~Plaute
observably~observable
impasses~impasses
Leonardo's~Léonard de Vinci
intuition~intuition
risotto's~risotto de
transecting~sectionnant
torpor's~de torpeur
Grumman~Grumman
Cullen's~Cullen
spiritless~sans entrain
stocking's~de stockage
fauna~fauna
Zara~Zara
Buffalo's~Buffalo de
liberator's~libérateur de
immortalised~immortalisé
poleaxing~poleaxing
couplings~couplings
cocksure~outrecuidant
grudges~grudges
penman~penman
Harriet's~Harriet de
fedora's~fedora's
accompany~accompagner
astigmatic~astigmate
encyst~encyst
sulphur's~soufre de
beetle's~années coléoptère
arachnids~arachnides
infirmity~infirmité
Zaporozhye's~Zaporozhye de
trice~clin d'œil
freckle's~freckle's
neologisms~néologismes
mesmerised~hypnotisé
York~York
inclusion's~l'inclusion de
shirr's~Années froncer
mouse's~des souris
detainment~detainment
contracted~contracted
enjoin~enjoin
radiotherapist~radiothérapeute
grungiest~grungiest
dibbling~dibbling
peculiarly~particulièrement
advisory~consultatif
hubris~hubris
Arequipa's~Arequipa de
underarm~axillaire
applause's~applaudissements de
domineer~domineer
comedowns~comedowns
Capitoline~Capitoline
clop's~clop de
counterintelligence's~counterintelligence's
intracranial~intracrânienne
marabout~marabout
bulimarexia~bulimarexia
essayer~essayer
Pisces's~Années Poissons
multilingual~multilingue
ennoblement~ennoblement
edgily~edgily
connective's~du conjonctifs
recommencement's~recommencement de
coveting~coveting
Mascagni's~Mascagni
hysterical~hystérique
ministry~ministère
Bardeen's~Bardeen de
supporter~Supporter
disproving~disproving
refuters~réfutateurs
props~accessoires
reinserted~réinséré
psychoneuroses~psychonévroses
polishers~polisseurs
papers~papiers
rocketry~arsenal de fusées
eyedroppers~eyedroppers
bastes~arrosages
nonintervention~non-intervention
power~Puissance
Rudolph~Rudolph
Morgan~Morgan
Pennzoil's~Pennzoil de
requisition~réquisition
watchwords~mots d'ordre
bookstore's~librairie de
environments~environments
Tennyson~Tennyson
wicker's~osier de
exclusion~exclusion
aquaplaned~aquaplaned
uncharitable~peu charitable
unhook~décrocher
knocker's~heurtoir de
Mario's~Mario
motif's~années motif
stove's~poêle de
washcloth~un gant de toilette
bedrock~substrat rocheux
smashers~Smashers
undersells~undersells
West's~Ouest de
misfeasance~misfeasance
nark~mouchard
sometimes~parfois
retractable~rétractable
publicans~publicains
wussiest~wussiest
counteraction~counteraction
Freemasons~francs-maçons
emerging~emerging
piously~pieusement
microorganism's~micro-organismes de
retrospection's~de rétrospection
mtge~MTGE
whipsaw's~whipsaw de
neuron's~neurone de
cantor's~Cantor
vamp's~vamp de
Karo~Karo
cartloads~charretées
glycerine's~glycerine's
Cormack~Cormack
understandingly~compréhensive
conclusiveness's~de caractère définitif
bulimia~boulimie
rehabilitates~réhabilite
tickle~chatouiller
Hitler~Hitler
bungholes~bondes
sunbonnets~capelines
eighth~eighth
terminus's~terminus de
dreams~dreams
ream's~ramette de
bemire~bemire
honeypots~honeypots
interlinear~interlinéaire
queasiness's~de queasiness
sloppiest~sloppiest
AOL's~AOL
forefoot's~forefoot's
habit~habit
Herero's~Herero de
parabola's~parabola de
panaceas~panacées
pattered~crépitait
a~une
Cleopatra's~Cléopâtre
gathered~gathered
glaringly~glaringly
extirpates~extirpates
archenemy's~de archennemi
sprucing~grand ménage
melodiousness~melodiousness
preferring~préférant
anneal~recuire
chyme's~chyme de
stationmaster~chef de gare
maliciously~malicieusement
prejudiced~partial
praiseworthiness~praiseworthiness
filthy~filthy
sleight~prestidigitation
mouthwashes~rince-bouche
filth~filth
ream~rame
Fran~Fran
overseas~étranger
schoolhouse~école
underclassman~Underclassman
Lakshmi's~Lakshmi de
Huggins~Huggins
forager's~forager's
rejuvenation's~le rajeunissement de
dazes~dazes
fishcakes~fishcakes
Br~Br
reamed~alésé
punting~barques à fond plat
pliant~souple
transformation's~transformation de
salutatory~salutatory
unhand~lâcher
publishable~publiable
obliterated~oblitérée
waterline's~ligne de flottaison de
scenting~parfumage
Maidenform's~maidenform de
mistyping~mistyping
entwining~entwining
windbreaks~brise-vent
travelogue~carnet de route
aggressively~agressivement
brows~sourcils
Avicenna~Avicenne
interviewee's~de personne interrogée
hysterectomy~hystérectomie
raunchiness's~de raunchiness
Krakow~Cracovie
tonne~tonne
entreats~entreats
Osceola's~Osceola de
Dunbar~Dunbar
ceramicist~céramiste
ballsed~ballsed
cinctures~cinctures
wowed~wowed
knotty~noueux
Sicily's~Sicile de
bullshitted~bullshitted
gulped~gulped
ragga~Ragga
blowsy~blowsy
ulcers~ulcères
Peron's~Peron de
chiselled~ciselé
sackings~limogeages
filmstrips~filmstrips
impishness~espièglerie
tantrum's~crise de colère de
Marquez~Marquez
Elsie's~Elsie de
monarchs~monarques
spookiness~spookiness
eyelids~eyelids
envisions~envisions
paintings~peintures
undulations~ondulations
compromising~compromettre
ladings~connaissements
Styrofoams~Styrofoams
schoolmarm~institutrice
gird~gird
chorus~Refrain
devastator~devastator
sportswoman~sportive
barbarity~barbarie
seigneur's~de seigneur
monuments~les monuments
gasp's~gasp's
vacuous~vide
Diogenes's~Diogène de
scrawl's~grimoire de
Thimbu~Thimbu
uptakes~carneaux
Trieste's~Trieste de
runner~coureur
violated~violé
sugarier~sugarier
extract~extract
complication's~complications
sadder~plus triste
Chelsea~Chelsea
philosophised~philosophait
anisette's~anisette de
communicable~transmissible
equilateral's~equilateral's
coffeepots~coffeepots
Molotov~Molotov
Shevardnadze~Chevardnadze
scarp~escarpement
marmosets~ouistitis
fen's~fen's
glistering~glistering
walkout's~arrêt de travail de
reassert~réaffirmer
aggravatingly~aggravatingly
stratified~stratifié
Silvia's~Silvia
MDT~MDT
ventricular~ventriculaire
security~Sécurité
trainees~stagiaires
misshaping~déformant
indirection~indirection
lotus's~lotus de
foppishness~foppishness
Grahame~Grahame
servicewoman's~de servicewoman
heathenish~païen
blockers~bloquants
rescinded~annulé
mortgagor~débiteur hypothécaire
excelling~excelling
poundage's~de mise en fourrière
heterosexuality's~de l'hétérosexualité
scratchier~scratchier
tapioca~Tapioca
decolonises~decolonises
celebrations~célébrations
subtracting~soustracteur
Eros~Éros
deluded~deluded
geniculate~geniculate
rapporteurs~rapporteurs
anymore~plus
retells~redit
overspent~dépenses excessives
wafer~tranche
aliment~aliment
bacteriologist's~de bactériologiste
interpret~interpréter
titling~titrage
Diwali's~Diwali de
unsatisfied~insatisfait
bluepoints~bluepoints
crater~crater
Katowice~Katowice
proms~bals de finissants
accountant's~cOMPTABLE
rabbles~crosses
influx~afflux
milkmaids~trayeuses
alpha's~alpha de
earbuds~earbuds
Hyde~Hyde
unplanned~imprévu
birdwatcher~ornithologue
Tabrizes~Tabrizes
strikeout's~strikeout de
icons~icônes
grilles~grilles
Morin~Morin
condemners~condemners
bridesmaids~demoiselles d'honneur
fauvism~fauvism
headbutting~headbutting
lanced~crevé
tightwad's~radin de
levelness's~de planéité
astronautical~astronautique
materially~matériellement
gunpoint's~gunpoint's
fascinations~fascinations
eek~eek
scoreboard's~tableau de bord de
Bojangles's~Années Bojangles
blunderer~gaffeur
engulfment~engulfment
epitome~epitome
edifies~edifies
mullet's~rouget de
overnight's~est la nuit
succinct~succinct
financing~financing
possum~opossum
friskily~friskily
gatecrashed~gatecrashed
machinist~machinist
outriders~outriders
oxidants~oxydants
musicians~les musiciens
devotes~devotes
precooks~precooks
hunched~recroquevillée
sublets~colocataire
impregnates~agents d'imprégnation
hallways~hallways
rubdown~rubdown
bushwhack~bushwhack
groves~groves
copulation~copulation
bikini's~bikini
powerfully~puissamment
hoppers~trémies
obsessives~obsessionnels
app~app
yelps~jappements
beryllium's~du béryllium
Billings~Billings
confuting~réfutable
inky~inky
centigrade~centigrade
repurchased~racheté
outstations~déportées
counterspy's~counterspy's
bast's~Bast de
prophylaxis's~prophylaxie de
banjoist's~banjoïste de
monstrosities~monstruosités
Bayreuth's~Bayreuth de
consolatory~consolant
backless~dos nu
Noemi's~Noemi de
forequarter~forequarter
assemblyman's~Années Assemblyman
windpipe~trachée
chesterfields~chesterfields
shiitakes~shiitakes
coursed~coursed
pretenders~imposteurs
intern~interne
frothed~frothed
chiropractic's~de chiropratique
Oranjestad's~Oranjestad de
beautify~embellir
gleefulness~gleefulness
Brando~Brando
freethinkers~freethinkers
marimbas~marimbas
forceful~forceful
ivory~Ivoire
orthopaedics's~de l'orthopédie
opinions~des avis
grapnel~grapnel
shellac's~shellac de
deerskin's~deerskin's
newfound~retrouvée
update's~mises à jour
heavens~cieux
prohibits~interdit
misfired~eu des ratés
deed's~deed's
wheelbases~empattements
Eloise~Eloise
Rimbaud~Rimbaud
monotone~monotone
swab's~coton-tige de
ratifiers~ratificateurs
Ymir~Ymir
fumbler~fumbler
biter~mordeur
veraciously~véridique
Byzantium~Byzance
tacker~tacker
kitsch~kitsch
interdepartmental~interministériel
tournament~tournoi
flanker~flanker
manikins~manikins
mix's~mélange de
Siemens~Siemens
photographers~photographes
reactivating~réactivant
redemption's~rachat de
rollings~roulages
debited~debited
evaluation's~evaluation's
goulash's~goulash's
tainting~altération
storied~à étage
serenade~sérénade
pasta's~années pâtes
borzoi's~Années borzoi
kilowatts~kilowatts
headhunting~Les chasseurs de têtes
initiate's~lancer de
prole~prolo
cagily~cagily
keep~garder
coriander's~coriander's
Sgt~Sgt
ringlike~en forme d'anneau
endangerment~endangerment
telecommuters~télétravailleurs
procreates~procrée
noncaloric~noncaloric
snobbish~snob
wizardly~wizardly
pinsetter~requilleur
doodle's~doodle's
cornier~cornier
Miocene's~Miocène de
hams~hams
belched~roté
banyan~banian
skinless~skinless
hydrometer~hydromètre
retrospected~retrospected
broadly~largement
imprint~imprimer
dressier~dressier
modeller's~modélisateur de
frozen~frozen
interlining~entoilage
swimmer's~nageur de
oughtn't~ne devrais
lucre~lucre
groundnuts~groundnuts
pansy~pensée
precious~précieux
walloping's~de phénoménal
incorruptibility's~de l'incorruptibilité
interluded~interluded
Carmichael~Carmichael
blackmailing~chantage
teaching's~de l'enseignement
woodwinds~woodwinds
gigawatt~gigawatt
painstakingly~laborieusement
ratiocinated~ratiocinated
pinyin's~pinyin de
champion~champion
proviso's~condition de
damasked~damasked
catafalques~catafalque
prob~prob
accommodation~hébergement
frisks~frisks
oozes~suinte
coxing~coxing
overeaten~overeaten
kinda~un peu
unloved~mal aimé
moisturised~hydratées
conjugates~conjugués
talents~talents
tapeworm's~Années ténia
Thessaly's~Thessalie de
strafes~mitraille
penitents~pénitents
Malawian~Malawien
corralled~corralled
Galahad's~Galahad de
disposal's~disposal's
miscalculation~erreur de calcul
revivification~revivification
cantankerousness~cantankerousness
bursaries~bourses
graded~graded
bedstead's~Années BEDSTEAD
luxury~luxe
Appleton~Appleton
trustee's~fiduciaire de
Zambezi's~Zambezi de
sow's~truie de
disassembling~disassembling
substitute's~de remplacement
writer's~écrivains
contumacy's~contumacy's
markedly~nettement
explores~explores
number~nombre
counsel's~counsel's
louse~pou
assorted~assorti
stubble~chaume
overparticular~trop pointilleux
inveighs~fulmine
exaggerators~exaggerators
canteen~cantine
wisher~Shirazi
sophomore~étudiant de seconde année
caresses~caresses
chancing~chancing
supersaturation's~de sursaturation
squatness's~squatness de
warding~Warding
hessian~toile de jute
uncoils~se détend
container~container
punts~bottés de dégagement
footballers~footballers
allergist~allergologue
postdating~postdatage
locales~locales
zapped~zappé
rapists~violeurs
roughneck's~foreur de
hunkering~hunkering
censurer's~blâmeur de
guildhall's~guildhall's
plod~cheminer
ME~MOI
shotguns~fusils de chasse
includes~comprend
panicking~paniquer
unpicked~unpicked
tertiary~tertiaire
millennial's~millénium de
journeyed~transitée
wrinklier~wrinklier
virtualisation~la virtualisation
haggling~haggling
converged~converged
baseless~sans fondement
riptide's~de Riptide
Olympia~Olympie
Eldon~Eldon
serif~serif
beggared~beggared
curies~curies
weep's~pleurer de
Cara's~Cara de
underarm's~Années axillaires
calendars~calendriers
stubborner~stubborner
cohabitation's~la cohabitation de
showgirl~showgirl
Gutierrez's~Gutierrez de
encounter~encounter
reassessment~réévaluation
campus~Campus
Dario's~Dario de
depressor~depressor
Urania's~Urania de
slur's~insinuation de
nuthatch's~de sittelle
clumsiest~maladroits
administer~administrer
outbalances~outbalances
Coleen's~Coleen de
genuflecting~genuflecting
inconsistent~inconsistant
irradiation's~irradiation de
backbiters~médisants
hairdresser's~hairdresser's
Coptic~copte
pluckier~plus courageux
showboat's~Showboat de
chintzier~chintzier
festered~festered
Lloyd~Lloyd
territories~territoires
dobbins~dobbins
politesse~politesses
wranglers~Wranglers
nonresidual~nonresidual
pistons~pistons
Armageddon's~Armageddon de
serialisation's~sérialisation de
Galatea's~Galatea de
godmother~godmother
clientele~clientèle
surreal~surréaliste
grandam~grandam
Panmunjom's~Panmunjom de
infidel's~Années infidèles
lucidness's~de lucidité
exterminations~exterminations
fishier~fishier
necessaries~necessaries
tininess~exiguïté
malaria's~du paludisme
sniffle~sniffle
fencers~fencers
plugins~plugins
Demeter's~Demeter de
glitches~glitches
gaudiness's~gaudiness's
profanities~jurons
today's~aujourd'hui
dairywoman's~dairywoman's
binds~Lié
crackings~crackings
frenzies~frenzies
voicing~sonorisation
Yoda's~Yoda de
waster's~gaspilleur de
Aron~Aron
Wesley's~Wesley
Joey~Joey
impeded~entravé
opossum's~opossum de
councilwoman's~councilwoman's
motorboats~Bateaux à moteur
discontinuities~discontinuities
chalking~farinage
rigorousness~rigorisme
breadcrumbs~chapelure
turnabouts~volte-face
masterstroke~masterstroke
philosophy~philosophie
henpecking~henpecking
Coolidge's~Coolidge de
conterminous~conterminous
berkelium~berkelium
extend~extend
clapped~applaudi
chives~ciboulette
Blucher~Blucher
prepayment~prépaiement
missioner's~de missaire
liver~foie
ranching~élevage en ranch
decals~decals
worries~des soucis
courage's~courage's
promoted~promu
pomades~Pommades
Slovak~slovaque
leapers~leapers
colicky~coliqueux
administrative~administratif
rowdily~rowdily
defenders~defenders
kaboom~Kaboom
Agrippa~Agrippa
expropriating~expropriating
weensier~weensier
ended~ended
Huddersfield~Huddersfield
tinging~teintant
contrariness~contrariness
trashiest~trashiest
factorise~factorise
rise's~hausse de
easternmost~easternmost
Ribbentrop's~Ribbentrop
seniors~les personnes âgées
cowardice's~cowardice's
extract's~extract's
detriment's~detriment's
Chappaquiddick's~Chappaquiddick de
remediation's~l'assainissement de
blotches~couperose
interminable~interminable
both~tous les deux
contentedness's~contentedness's
fox~fox
imputed~imputé
huzzahed~huzzahed
cognition~cognition
emit~emit
charterers~affréteurs
umbrella~parapluie
harbormasters~harbormasters
say~dire
mutilates~mutile
confiscator~confiscatoire
lacunae~lacunes
immunity~immunité
dissatisfied~dissatisfied
lining's~doublure de
pestilence's~de pestilence
rump~croupe
characterisation's~la caractérisation de
tingle's~picotement de
cancer~cancer
crucified~crucified
avast~avast
moult~mue
Kolyma~Kolyma
descried~descried
Lorenzo~Lorenzo
saws~scies
faints~faints
Gorey~Gorey
buboes~bubons
firms~firms
curare's~curare's
cassias~cassias
Ascension's~l'Ascension
Ugandan's~Ouganda de
dictator~dictator
misplayed~misplayed
rice's~Rice
allegory~allégorie
spanked~fessé
dressing's~dressing's
sockets~prises de courant
introspecting~introspectant
instep~cambrure
grooming~grooming
grandfathered~grandfathered
hardstand~hardstand
barns~granges
abjuratory~abjuratory
prates~Prates
silencer's~silencieux de
consignors~consignataires
gunpoint~gunpoint
Learjet's~Learjet
spacewoman~spacewoman
Hattie~Hattie
hydrophone~hydrophone
drearier~drearier
forestation's~forestation's
staled~rassis
shaggy~hirsute
starchier~starchier
Novocain's~novocaïne de
forethought~forethought
lamination~laminage
vial's~flacon de
overladen~surchargé
Taklamakan's~Taklamakan de
liberates~libère
demonstratives~demonstratives
parasitism's~parasitisme de
verity's~Verity de
Fuzzbuster's~Fuzzbuster de
suffragists~suffragettes
wantons~gaillardes
gourdes~gourdes
Peruvians~Péruviens
pipeline~pipeline
diggers~diggers
Omar~Omar
creatives~creatives
instigator~instigateur
conferee's~de conférencier
swearer's~jureur de
outperformed~surperformé
Wilkerson's~Wilkerson de
compute~calculer
hiccoughing~hoquet
Preston~Preston
nonskid~antidérapant
bourgeois's~de bourgeois
ranch~ranch
utilising~en utilisant
treasure~Trésor
recurrently~récurrente
pliantly~souplement
deregulates~deregulates
meson's~meson de
duckiest~duckiest
agility's~l'agilité de
Mauryan's~Maurya de
peddles~colporte
deism~deism
Domitian~Domitien
sandpapers~ponce
pkg~pkg
mechanisation's~la mécanisation de
barber's~barbier
stingrays~pastenagues
Waller's~Waller
forsaking~forsaking
flux's~flux's
aggression's~l'agression de
habitation~habitation
droids~droids
noninterference's~de la non-ingérence
farmhands~farmhands
southeastward~vers le sud
outcrop~affleurement
parathion's~de parathion
imprinter's~Années imprinter
hashtag~hashtag
dearth~dearth
breadfruit~breadfruit
Jonah~Jonas
refusals~refus
heaved~poussa
Lottie's~Lottie de
ratiocinate~ratiociner
dirtballs~dirtballs
perpetration's~de perpétrer
reprehensibly~coupablement
aspen~tremble
baddie~méchant
Honduran's~Honduras de
Izhevsk's~Izhevsk de
shallowest~moins profond
slobs~ploucs
weepy's~de larmoyants
poplar~peuplier
Sc's~Sc de
prove~prouver
beautification's~de l'embellissement
retrofit's~de rénovation
inexorability~inexorabilité
Douglas~Douglas
redhead~roux
speechified~speechified
gulden~gulden
melancholia's~années mélancolie
calcification~calcification
angelica's~angelica de
merchandise's~de marchandises
spews~SPEWS
GnuPG~GnuPG
eightieths~eightieths
voluptuary~jouisseur
malamute's~Malamute de
unconsidered~inconsidéré
pickup's~de pick-up
distrustfully~distrustfully
rancour~rancune
bombshells~bombes
scanting~scanting
confidante's~confidente de
Argo's~Argo
orisons~oraisons
bis~bis
market's~marché
mafioso~mafioso
perk's~avantages
containerisation~containerisation
Jerry's~Jerry
barmiest~barmiest
gunnery~gunnery
keens~Keens
horseless~horseless
transposition's~transposition de
trident's~trident de
unhappiest~malheureux
traverse~traverser
misdemeanour's~méfait de
Zelig~Zelig
limits~limites
kiss~baiser
deceivingly~deceivingly
preregisters~preregisters
enticing~enticing
masters~maîtrise
drunkenness's~drunkenness's
philosophiser's~philosophiser de
Antoinette's~Antoinette
Bloomingdale's~Bloomingdale
ponied~ponied
Sikorsky~Sikorsky
bemoans~se lamente
seedbed's~lit de semence de
cobra~cobra
Hamlin~Hamlin
droughts~droughts
warped~voilé
outsold~outsold
spendthrift~dépensier
mezzanine's~mezzanine de
Barnum's~Barnum
irrespective~quel que soit
invitingly~invitingly
Federal~Fédéral
load~charge
ladyloves~ladyloves
drought~drought
drachma~drachma
fountains~fountains
hollowness~cavité
Ned's~Ned
wadis~wadis
kamikaze~kamikaze
whirling~tournoiement
Nan~Nan
Alfonso~Alfonso
declaration~declaration
Chuvash's~tchouvache de
trifocals's~Années trifocaux
overdressed~overdressed
choosiness's~de choosiness
Noelle's~Noëlle de
umber~ombre
Zenger~Zenger
exec's~exec's
fineness~fineness
interacting~interactif
seen~vu
xenophobes~xénophobes
barbing~Barbing
Tillman's~Tillman de
halos~halos
swingers~échangistes
Thurber's~Thurber de
stopped~arrêté
prestos~prestos
cookwares~cookwares
concept~concept
acrobats~acrobates
gaggles~gaggles
Alcott~Alcott
megastars~megastars
kernels~graines
glycogen~glycogen
Marcel's~Marcel
industrialists~industriels
commentary~commentaire
crock~crock
Maracaibo's~Maracaibo de
Klan's~Klan de
neoconservative~néo-conservatrice
Mortimer~Mortimer
Gorgon's~Gorgone de
reemergence~réémergence
royalty's~redevance de
scoopful's~scoopful de
prolong~prolonger
ensilage~ensilage
stylus's~stylet de
lessens~amoindrit
Cuisinart~Cuisinart
Messiah~Messie
wobbliest~wobbliest
epiphany~epiphany
flunkies~flunkies
shade~ombre
income~le revenu
silliness's~de niaiserie
wrinkling~plissement
noun~nom
pathogen's~agent pathogène de
fishtailing~fishtailing
quadrature~quadrature
selfie's~selfie de
tile~tuile
shoehorns~chausse-pieds
Pruitt's~Pruitt de
prowler's~de rôdeur
Axis~Axe
xref~xref
readmission's~réadmission de
absented~absenté
tide's~les marées
asynchronously~asynchrone
exclusion's~exclusion's
entryphone~entryphone
symmetry's~symétrie de
curfews~curfews
gallantry~gallantry
reissued~réédité
whatsoever~quoi que ce soit
varicose~variqueux
wrongly~à tort
household~Ménage
refolded~repliée
condemn~condamner
Waldheim~Waldheim
screenplays~scénarii
Diasporas~diasporas
shoplifter~voleur à l'étalage
middleman~intermédiaire
squalid~sordide
Haynes's~Haynes de
cankerous~chancreuses
bequest's~legs de
percales~percales
warpaint~peinture de guerre
saintlier~saintlier
eliminate~eliminate
sharpener~taille crayon
luffed~lofé
racegoers~turfistes
unhinging~dégondage
directorship's~directorship's
dillydallied~dillydallied
tackier~tackier
roamer's~roamer de
lengthwise~longitudinal
Wooten's~Wooten de
pheromones~phéromones
safflower~carthame
succinctness's~de succinctness
Irwin~Irwin
germinate~germinate
amphibiously~amphibie
undeterred~Sans se décourager
unheralded~sans tambour ni trompette
fidgety~fidgety
hosannas~hosannas
troll~troll
pedicurist's~de pedicurist
salaciousness~salacité
fervid~fervid
sedatives~calmants
gerrymandering~gerrymandering
polygamist~polygame
keynotes~keynotes
phoenixes~phœnix
circus's~cirque de
zodiacs~zodiacs
totter's~chanceler de
grace's~grace's
thermonuclear~thermonucléaire
Darla's~Darla
Dedekind's~Dedekind de
encrusts~encrusts
cormorant's~cormorant's
meninx~Meninx
propitiation's~de propitiation
Dilberts~Dilberts
givers~givers
quenching~trempe
workmanlike~bien fait
Boulez's~Boulez
Bray~Braire
diffident~diffident
tiebreaker~bris d'égalité
Spiro~spiro
footstep~footstep
pouting~boudeuse
decomposes~decomposes
naturalisation's~naturalisation de
dioxin~dioxin
gabled~gabled
ferociousness~ferociousness
putrefaction's~putréfaction de
demigoddess~demigoddess
lateral's~latérale de
smoochy~sentimental
Mindoro's~Mindoro de
substantively~le fond
cursing~cursing
zone~zone
councillor's~councillor's
maltreated~maltraité
knurl~knurl
butterflies~papillons
salaam~saluer
Copperfield~Copperfield
bagging~ensachage
lumped~lumped
gonad~gonad
etymology's~etymology's
undefeated~invaincue
apprehending~appréhendant
fractional~fractional
pentacle's~Années pentacle
squire~écuyer
debriefings~debriefings
pekingese~Pékinois
tightened~serré
penology's~Années pénologie
Cathryn's~Cathryn de
Zarathustra~Zarathoustra
fissures~fissures
pusillanimity~pusillanimité
exigency~exigency
rota~rote
scarring~scarification
polytheistic~polythéiste
Pele's~Pelé
Estrada~Estrada
wakefulness's~de l'état de veille
Bessie~Bessie
indefinably~vaguement
disparities~disparities
dicotyledons~dicotyledons
backtracked~fait machine arrière
foreshadow~foreshadow
Twinkies's~Années Twinkies
brushoffs~brushoffs
punter~punter
acclimate~acclimater
eradicated~eradicated
phenomenology~phénoménologie
Slovakian~slovaque
tranquillise~tranquilliser
Sheba~Sheba
valises~valises
keeping~en gardant
hooliganism's~de hooliganisme
reconquers~reconquiert
paged~paginée
voodooed~voodooed
countryside~countryside
landau~landau
lutenist's~luthiste de
grapefruit's~grapefruit's
angiosperms~angiospermes
slingshot~Lance-pierres
reproof's~de réprimandes
unfriendliest~unfriendliest
bullock's~Bullock
shard~tesson
Polaris's~POLARIS
Guatemala's~GUATEMALA
overhanging~en surplomb
avarice's~de l'avarice
outplays~déjoue
hobbit~hobbit
kitchenware's~ustensiles de cuisine de
gauziness~gauziness
derisiveness's~derisiveness's
epileptics~epileptics
disinterring~disinterring
incited~incité
starkest~plus frappant
compressible~compressible
Superman~Superman
breads~pains
lyncher~Lyncher
clergy's~clergé de
Berlioz~Berlioz
Hazel~Noisette
fused~fused
archways~passages voûtés
telecommuter~télétravailleur
artificers~artificiers
turns~se tourne
sweat's~la sueur de
login's~connexion de
unwearable~immettable
Sam~Sam
friendship's~friendship's
Gretel~Gretel
pile~pile
chubs~chevesnes
ordinariness's~de quotidienneté
Kirchhoff~Kirchhoff
overlooks~belvédères
Didrikson's~Didrikson de
oxidase~oxydase
substrate's~substrat de
pulsing~pulsant
telepathic~télépathique
Pangaea~Pangea
Swift~Rapide
Maria's~Maria
boardwalk's~promenade de
requisite's~nécessaire de
nimbleness~agilité
Lancelot's~Lancelot
Mozambican~Mozambique
charge~charge
bumf~bumf
rapscallion~vaurien
dictatorship~dictatorship
exceptional~exceptional
campus's~campus de
puma's~Puma
Carly's~Carly de
Elohim's~Elohim de
notion's~notion de
sidestep's~SideStep de
titanic~titanesque
sandman~marchand de sable
Reinhardt~Reinhardt
pressuring~faire pression sur
ska~ska
syringing~seringage
reorganisation~réorganisation
connotations~connotations
pectin~pectine
Marxism's~Le marxisme de
Leola~Leola
demijohn~demijohn
expounded~expounded
Descartes~Descartes
romancer~fabulateur
bellicosity's~de bellicisme
pressman~journaliste
bloodmobile~Collectemobile
cub's~cub's
liverwort's~Années hépatiques
broadcast's~diffusion de
obviates~REND
miscalculated~une erreur de calcul
Boer's~Boer de
elastic~elastic
replace~remplacer
brutalise~brutaliser
bigness~bigness
virginals~virginal
nightingale's~Nightingale
Lot~Lot
suspending~suspendre
frontbenchers~frontbenchers
odour's~de l'odeur
dermis~dermis
nitrating~nitration
fright's~fright's
smirching~smirching
tundras~toundras
accusations~accusations
Susana's~Susana de
raceme's~raceme de
Berry~Baie
tinned~en conserve
curare~curare
humdinger~humdinger
bluffs~bluffs
incarcerations~incarcérations
pots~pots
bundle~paquet
admirer's~admirateur de
abdications~abdications
arrogantly~arrogante
desperado~desperado
chundered~chundered
strenuousness~degré d'effort requis
snowman's~bonhomme de neige de
downswing~downswing
flogger's~flogger's
renovators~rénovateurs
knitters~tricoteurs
GATT~GATT
watchtower's~mirador de
Ferdinand~Ferdinand
teetotaller~personne qui ne boit jamais d'alcool
basilisk's~Années Basilic
eponymous~eponymous
maisonettes~maisonnettes
Almach's~Almach de
simile~comparaison
Thanksgiving~Action de grâces
guidance's~guidance's
homemaking's~de tâches ménagères
landmine~mines terrestres
farmlands~farmlands
manhunt~chasse à l'homme
Sjaelland~Sjaelland
vatted~Vatted
splintery~brisant avec légèreté
Parana's~Parana de
radials~radians
messier~messier
gauntness's~gauntness's
misdemeanour~délit
Callas~Callas
Murrow's~Murrow de
eased~eased
hydrophobic~hydrophobe
Aguinaldo~Aguinaldo
stupider~stupider
Camus~Camus
remodelling~remodelage
Alma's~Alma de
chlorine~chlore
Rhee~Rhee
reconciling~réconciliatrice
obscurantist~obscurantiste
woks~Woks
defacer~defacer
Poole~Poole
Padilla's~Padilla de
syllabification~syllabification
cam's~Webcam
blend's~mélange de
aftermath's~suite de
pictorially~picturalement
hawser~aussière
hedgehops~hedgehops
indescribable~indescriptible
pianissimo's~Années pianissimo
substandard~qualité inférieure
imperfect~imparfait
tributaries~affluents
machete~machette
weeping~larmes
warts~verrues
audit's~de vérification
deistic~deistic
conductibility~conductibilité
driver's~driver's
gallants~gallants
badminton~badminton
lounged~flâné
overstimulating~overstimulating
Laius~Laïos
Marlowe's~Marlowe
experts~experts
striations~striations
snog~rouler une pelle
delirious~delirious
punchbags~boucs émissaires
humourlessness~humourlessness
part's~les pièces
colourise~Colourise
nulls~nulls
daguerreotype~daguerreotype
Jeffery~Jeffery
hemostat~hémostatique
rubble~décombres
reauthorized~reauthorized
main~principale
kindness~la gentillesse
wars~guerres
clapping's~de battements de mains
wiliness's~de wiliness
ruthlessness's~de caractère impitoyable
toured~tournées
meanwhile's~est quant à lui
flag~flag
gloominess's~gloominess's
definiteness~definiteness
calligraphic~calligraphique
Irrawaddy's~Irrawaddy de
nymphet's~nymphette de
filling's~filling's
frowziest~frowziest
smoking's~le tabagisme de
reusable~réutilisable
impost's~imposte de
Gilman~Gilman
Zibo's~Zibo de
Galapagos~Galapagos
Poincare's~Poincaré
Claudine's~Claudine
monkshood's~Années aconit
hotly~chaudement
ceders~Ceders
underlip's~lippe de
spanking's~la fessée de
dexterousness's~dexterousness's
warned~averti
intoxicants~intoxicants
Goren's~Goren de
antipodean~antipodes
retro~rétro
Eniwetok~Eniwetok
adventurer's~aventurier de
sallied~sallied
fluorocarbons~fluorocarbons
occidental's~de Occidental
mess~désordre
acrostics~acrostiches
Grammy~Grammy
ANZUS~ANZUS
remained~est resté
ricked~ricked
trowed~trowed
chidingly~chidingly
Sachs's~Sachs de
rectories~presbytères
upthrusts~soulèvements
ceremony~la cérémonie
dysentery~dysentery
orthodoxies~orthodoxies
rapper's~rappeur de
polecat's~de putois
acquitting~acquittant
repelling~répulsive
nibble~grignoter
headshrinkers~Headshrinkers
Santiago's~Santiago de
pomegranates~grenadiers
treasury's~Trésor de
epigraphs~epigraphs
weeknights~les soirs de semaine
composer's~compositeur de
juncture~conjoncture
shamanic~chamanique
chiropractor~chiropracteur
supervened~sobrevida
Burke's~Burke
nutmeat~écalées
contamination~contamination
Goldwyn's~Goldwyn de
Psalter's~de psautier
easel~easel
channelise~channelize
Barbie's~Barbie
gravimeters~gravimeters
conceitedness's~de conceitedness
interventionism~interventionnisme
triptychs~triptyques
fender's~fender's
hearers~auditeurs
quarrelsome~querelleur
secure~garantir
school's~écoles
unparalleled~sans précédent
Waite's~Waite de
reelected~réélue
Pilates~Pilates
impious~impie
foremasts~foremasts
pinch's~pincement de
agate~agate
mustang~mustang
torso's~torse de
benediction's~benediction de
airfreight~fret aérien
desiccant's~desiccant's
watercourse~cours d'eau
Mirfak's~Mirfak de
shogun's~shogun de
fonder~fonder
convolution~convolution
wakes~se réveille
botulism's~de botulisme
rectangular~rectangulaire
allegorists~allégoristes
Evan's~Evan
Yugoslavs~Yougoslaves
gibbous~gibbous
failing~failing
Bradley's~Bradley
buck's~Buck
platform~Plate-forme
hallelujah~hallelujah
inventories~inventaires
slight~mince
deceitfulness~deceitfulness
Schwarzkopf~Schwarzkopf
Waite~Waite
backstabber's~backstabber de
knickers's~Années knickers
trout's~truites
freebie's~freebie's
peptic~digestif
earthling's~earthling's
sapping~sapant
telethons~téléthons
mascots~mascottes
vivisectionists~vivisection
currency~currency
ale's~ale de
tuber~tubercule
shadowier~shadowier
telemeters~télémètres
evaluate~evaluate
Icelandic~islandais
trialled~trialled
stinging~piqûre
casein~caséine
Belarus's~Biélorussie de
ruckus's~chahut de
corkscrew~corkscrew
tacitness's~hermétisme de
magnification's~grossissement de
foldouts~foldouts
sunup~lever du soleil
freebooter's~freebooter's
kluge~Kluge
seats~des places
Schnabel's~Schnabel
bunting's~bruant de
bleeps~bipe
mudslides~des coulées de boue
reputable~honorable
misfeature~disfonctionnement
detoxifies~detoxifies
Oberon~Oberon
admonishing~admonestation
triumvirate's~triumvirat de
soldier~soldat
Tarzan~Tarzan
warmer~plus chaud
crumpet's~crumpet's
Jericho~Jéricho
matriarchy~matriarcat
hoodoo~poisse
earldom's~earldom's
Brahmani~Brahmani
Kazan~Kazan
touts~rabatteurs
snarl's~Années grognement
registry~enregistrement
Fitch~Fitch
wagoner~charretier
nutmeg~Noix de muscade
separately~séparément
Ostwald's~ostwald de
kiloton~kilotonne
yokel~rustre
lats~lats
redoing~Refaire
crayons~crayons
Zagreb's~Zagreb de
Dalai~Dalai
unimaginable~inimaginable
glints~glints
lucrativeness~lucrativité
usability's~la facilité d'utilisation de
skill's~compétences
personality's~personnalité de
shouldered~épaulé
immunise~immuniser
door's~door's
infelicities~infelicities
Achebe's~Achebe de
hiker's~rANDONNEUR
triggered~déclenché
organic~biologique
Montreal's~MONTRÉALAISE
Santana's~Santana
absenteeism's~l'absentéisme de
winters~hivers
Colombia's~Colombie de
Palermo's~Palerme de
baron~baron
Jeri's~Jeri de
Louella's~Louella de
Muriel's~Muriel
toucans~toucans
lackadaisically~lackadaisically
amazon~amazone
substantial~substantiel
furlough~furlough
Iapetus~Japet
inhibition~inhibition
seventeen~dix-sept
prelims~ronde préliminaire
bursary's~bourse de
cart~Chariot
sterling~sterling
Stowe~Stowe
graft~graft
orators~rhéteurs
skydiving's~de saut en parachute
ordinals~ordinaux
misdiagnosis~erreur de diagnostic
goatskin~goatskin
men's~Pour des hommes
gladly~gladly
Midwest's~Midwest de
wireless~sans fil
kith~Kith
gendarme's~gendarme's
Delmarva's~Delmarva de
Bolshevism~bolchevisme
dowsing~dowsing
overachieved~dépassés
redissolving~redissolution
solidity's~solidité de
terabit~térabit
comparison's~La comparaison par
Neal~Neal
testier~testier
locale's~locale de
lands~terres
Amoco's~Amoco de
lass~fille
overprecise~overprecise
disembodies~disembodies
seducer~séducteur
Chan's~Chan
Timur~Timur
detestably~detestably
sunny~ensoleillé
pigment~pigment
Ron's~Ron
homeworking~Travail à la maison
unstressed~inaccentué
sweetheart's~sweetheart
purgative's~purgatif de
earnings's~earnings's
Evangelist's~évangéliste de
Munster~Munster
jean~en jean
pint~pinte
worry~inquiéter
braised~braisé
overexercising~overexercising
excised~excised
Rhine~Rhin
abominates~abomine
springbok's~springbok de
Banach's~Banach de
crumbliest~crumbliest
ribs~travers de porc
flukes~flukes
garroter's~garroter's
trisects~trisects
trait~trait
fondue~fondue
exotic~exotic
vanguards~avant-gardes
property's~ses biens
wristwatches~Montres-bracelets
gaining~gaining
advertise~afficher
breezing~breezing
Marathon's~Marathon de
pottery~poterie
Heliopolis~Héliopolis
backwoodsman~backwoodsman
far~far
appositeness's~de-propos
apter~Apter
prettifies~enjolive
molecularity's~molécularité de
passport~passeport
sixths~sixtes
publicity's~de la publicité
unthinkingly~étourdiment
shariah~shariah
walking's~de la marche
civilian's~de civils
stiltedly~stiltedly
calisthenic~callisthénie
dough's~dough's
abscessing~abscessing
royalists~royaliste
sate~assouvir
McGuffey~McGuffey
inked~encrée
fillet~fillet
roadbeds~PLATEFORMES
Passions~Passions
restively~restively
diplopia~diplopia
plunger~piston
Akihito~Akihito
flakes~flakes
parsonage's~de parsonage
cw~cw
seedpod's~Années Seedpod
kidskin's~Années chevreau
korma~Korma
rink~patinoire
esquire~esquire
sickle's~faucille de
clamp's~pince de
selenium~sélénium
Ordovician~Ordovicien
static's~statique
emirate's~emirate's
stanchion~montant
avail~profiter
toluene~toluène
retrovirus~rétrovirus
familiarly~familiarly
extenuate~extenuate
conformance~conformité
Medicaids~Medicaids
pates~pates
hold's~tenir de
Jarlsberg~jarlsberg
drink~drink
kleptomaniac~kleptomane
dallier~dallier
photosensitive~photosensible
comelier~comelier
wiseacre's~Années wiseacre
hempen~hempen
irrupting~irruption
Tippecanoe's~Tippecanoe de
heehaws~heehaws
frump~frump
dereliction~dereliction
falsie's~falsie's
meridian~méridien
Prentice's~Prentice de
coruscation's~coruscation's
annotating~annoter
mechanic~mécanicien
reversely~dans le sens inverse
plovers~pluviers
Dec's~décembre de
progressions~progressions
adornments~ornements
ungratefulness's~mécréance de
sprinkler~arroseur
image's~images
Colleen~Colleen
Togo~Aller
unconscionably~déraisonnablement
underwrites~souscrit
diarist's~diarist's
Orin's~Orin de
rebating~feuillure
yammer~geindre
thawed~décongelé
dehumidifying~dehumidifying
crisp's~crisp's
entertains~entertains
invalid's~invalides de
grittier~grittier
clarioning~clarioning
conspires~conspire
sociological~sociologique
Donizetti~Donizetti
crossbones's~crossbones's
overpraised~overpraised
bookmaker~bookmaker
conformism's~de conformismes
Yemen's~Yémen de
kindheartedness's~bonhomie de
bolivar~bolivar
steadiest~plus stable
glad~glad
designed~designed
pacesetter's~de meneur de train
corpses~corpses
edibleness~edibleness
lyceum's~Lyceum de
bunt~bunt
regrading~reprofilage
confesses~avoue
penance~pénitence
Cebuano's~Cebuano de
Jew~Juif
stockily~trapu
oscillations~oscillations
stared~dévisagé
dumbfound~dumbfound
apostolic~apostolique
relearned~réappris
tuneless~peu mélodieux
taut~tendu
pities~pitiés
saltine~saltine
superconductivity's~de la supraconductivité
delinquent~delinquent
rightmost~extrême droite
enticements~enticements
brander's~brander de
unclear~pas clair
acute~aigu
swashbuckler~bretteur
vituperating~vitupérer
xerox's~xerox de
illegitimate~illégitime
woollier~laineux
ilk~acabit
accorded~accordé
blockhouse~casemate
Bioko~Bioko
skinflints~radins
poisonings~empoisonnements
woods's~bois de
footstools~footstools
lifestyles~modes de vie
caseworker's~travailleur social de
fantasy's~fantasy's
acting's~action de
Inst~Inst
Mahabharata~Mahabharata
derogate~derogate
molecule's~molécules
Pisistratus~Pisistrate
demonstrably~demonstrably
periphrasis~périphrase
Bush's~Bush
outspent~outspent
rheumatic's~rhumatisme articulaire aigu de
admirers~admirateurs
picturing~Picturing
geophysicist~geophysicist
fifteenth~fifteenth
lamebrain's~de Lamebrain
subtotal~total
laundrywoman~blanchisseuse
Simmental's~simmental de
Manitoba~Manitoba
orchestrated~orchestrée
gelid~gelid
pickiness~pickiness
marred~gâchée
Chambers~Chambers
Caracas's~Caracas de
gospels~gospels
brandishes~brandit
elimination~elimination
lowboys~Lowboys
Austins~austins
clarinettist's~de clarinettiste
unholiness's~impiété de
Adeline~Adeline
condensers~condenseurs
purulence~purulence
dehumanisation~dehumanisation
quanta~quanta
mad's~est fou
alms's~années aumône
southpaw~southpaw
piton's~Piton de
Carroll~Carroll
huffiest~huffiest
inattention~inattention
Ida~Ida
palatals~palatales
despot~despot
tabla's~tabla de
malware~les logiciels malveillants
landmines~les mines terrestres
artsier~artsier
popup's~pop-up de
tactful~plein de tact
deerskin~deerskin
maria's~maria de
Ameslan's~Ameslan de
admonition~admonition
deducing~deducing
eclat~eclat
toecaps~embouts
Cooper's~Cooper
granularity's~granularity's
sureness~sûreté
radiating~rayonnant
deportment~deportment
kinking~vrillage
promiscuity's~de promiscuité sexuelle
futurologist~futurologist
SST~SST
aboard~une planche
disorientate~disorientate
tracker's~suivi de
Paraclete~Paraclet
goldbricker's~goldbricker's
Hangzhou~Hangzhou
boardwalk~promenade
degases~degases
copulative's~copulative's
ledge's~rebord de
pitch's~pas de
whippets~whippets
anklets~bracelets de cheville
spillovers~retombées
akin~proche
triplicates~triplicata
Aramaic~araméen
sortie~sortie
alloys~alliages
sciatic~sciatique
simulate~simuler
nails~ongles
dissemination~dissemination
polling~vote
symphony~symphonie
knuckles~jointures
insuperable~insurmontable
pentagon~Pentagone
Fulton~Fulton
Juarez~Juarez
Sparta's~Sparta de
scuzzier~scuzzier
wildlife's~de la faune
salver's~salver de
weedy~couvert de mauvaises herbes
wrongheadedness~wrongheadedness
Snowbelt's~Snowbelt de
finalisation's~finalisation's
Millikan's~Millikan de
unpatriotic~antipatriotique
kaffeeklatsch's~Kaffeeklatsch de
shills~shills
assimilate~assimiler
trillion's~billion de
welcomes~se félicite
augurs~augures
Carey~Carey
hiccoughed~hoquet
trolleys~chariots
pedagogue's~de pédagogue
Roddenberry's~Roddenberry de
missing~manquant
Avalon~Avalon
dreamer's~dreamer's
profile's~profil de
parroting~recopiage
loaf~pain
Listerine's~de Listerine
adverbially~adverbialement
Dartmoor's~Dartmoor de
fairs~fairs
brattier~brattier
loofahs~luffa
aborting~abandon
Brock~blaireau
halt~halt
jiggle's~Années jiggle
cooperation's~cooperation's
irony~ironie
cantos~cantos
invoiced~facturé
coefficient~coefficient
became~devenu
workaday~de tous les jours
FD~FD
bicarbs~bicarbs
reapplying~réappliquer
sight's~la vue de
stodgily~stodgily
complicate~compliquer
tollbooth's~de tollbooth
mayo~mayo
high's~haut de
yokel's~plouc de
lox~saumon fumé
slushiness's~slushiness de
arithmetically~arithmétiquement
aromatics~aromatiques
excursion's~excursion's
sordid~sordide
grumpiness's~grumpiness's
bumpkin~plouc
Ellington's~Ellington
execration~execration
clementine~clémentine
porter's~Porter
Decatur's~Decatur de
trilogy's~trilogie
vend~Vend
cutbacks~cutbacks
Mazarin~Mazarin
hammers~hammers
nonprejudicial~nonprejudicial
sinful~coupable
Kodak's~Kodak de
about~sur
firecracker's~firecracker's
precisest~precisest
copter~copter
countering~countering
unhappiness~le malheur
nonallergic~nonallergic
tidings~nouvelles
shower's~douches
litterer's~Litterer de
Algeria~Algérie
Methodist's~méthodiste
decolletage~decolletage
prequel's~prequel années
profited~tiré profit
tuber's~tubercule de
suggest~suggérer
appealing~attirant
tsetse's~tsétsé de
explicitness~explicitness
watermills~watermills
invader~envahisseur
insistently~instamment
Isfahan~Ispahan
Bloomer~gaffe
savvier~savvier
interlinking~interconnexion
injudicious~peu judicieux
blvd~blvd
Gatling's~Gatling de
cutlery's~cutlery's
laird's~laird de
groceries~groceries
Brett~Brett
therapeutics's~de thérapeutiques
corners~corners
menial~servile
newsflashes~newsflashes
titled~titré
tether's~attache de
arcs~arcs
Bodleian~Bodleian
euthanizes~euthanizes
pyromania's~pyromanie de
adorable~adorable
impishly~espièglerie
borstals~maisons de correction
Donetsk's~Donetsk de
blamelessness~blamelessness
informer~informateur
freezing~freezing
acetate's~acétate de
dealership~dealership
bootstrapped~bootstrapped
organza~organza
Muhammad's~Muhammad
electroencephalographic~electroencephalographic
stupendous~prodigieux
incorrigibly~incorrigibles
boarders~pensionnaires
crotchety~crotchety
viscount's~Viscount de
distiller's~distiller's
stressed~a souligné
comas~comas
homeliness~vie de famille
controllable~controllable
gains~gains
unflagging~inlassable
incertitude's~de l'incertitude
proprietors~propriétaires
entranced~entranced
wealthiest~plus riche
blisteringly~blisteringly
vented~ventilé
comprehensives~compréhensifs
Quaalude's~quaalude de
panatellas~Panatellas
limes~citrons verts
candidate~candidat
weirdo~cinglé
cognisant~compétent
technetium~technétium
pistols~pistolets
photofinishing's~photofinishing de
Floridians~Floridiens
backsliding~retour en arrière
template~modèle
Kanpur~Kanpur
corresponds~corresponds
excelsior's~excelsior's
tailbone~coccyx
hoot~huée
melioration~mélioration
constipation's~de la constipation
view's~vue de
leaching~lixiviation
authoritativeness~authoritativeness
annotations~annotations
k~k
kiddos~kiddos
hollies~Hollies
innersoles~semelles intérieures
grunge's~grunge's
unfastens~dégrafe
Arafat's~Arafat
pharmacopoeia~pharmacopée
Anton's~Anton de
masochists~masochistes
adaptor's~adaptateur de
haematology~haematology
imperialism's~l'impérialisme de
gigapixels~gigapixels
Himalaya's~Himalaya de
bail's~de liberté sous caution
representational~représentationnel
Morris's~Morris
Andres's~Années Andres
overnights~overnights
jugs~cruches
negative~négatif
Zedekiah~Sédécias
applets~applets
decidable~decidable
blanketing~inertage
approximating~approchante
distract~distract
Mb~Mb
ravioli's~de raviolis
authentically~authentiquement
Acheson's~Acheson de
spicily~épicée
aggression~agression
pendent's~pendants de
fevers~fevers
Zollverein~Zollverein
blossomy~blossomy
mouton~Mouton
Furtwangler's~Furtwängler
Webb's~Webb
smog~smog
dorkiest~dorkiest
consolations~consolations
bloodthirstier~bloodthirstier
Bogart's~Bogart de
bobcats~bobcats
empresses~empresses
Arizonian's~Années Arizonian
employments~employments
Procrustean's~Procuste de
anatomise~disséquez
Assam~Assam
fluffiness~fluffiness
bloodily~bloodily
knifed~un coup de couteau
homosexual~homosexuel
handkerchief~handkerchief
appropriation~appropriation
Slater's~Slater de
turbulent~turbulent
overprice~vendre trop cher
inferiority~infériorité
corroborators~corroborators
oaf's~de lourdaud
blithely~allègrement
scurried~scurried
hamburger~hamburger
frothiest~frothiest
dupers~dupers
pinpoint's~Pinpoint de
Rainier~Rainier
Roget's~Roget de
grouch~grouch
space~espace
radiometer's~radiomètre de
musics~musiques
bunghole's~bunghole de
logy~logie
wealthier~plus riches
manioc~manioc
emptiest~emptiest
inspector~inspecteur
viola's~Viola
deodorise~deodorise
inactivation's~inactivation de
stiffly~raidement
dastard's~dastard's
investment~investissement
harvest~récolte
Minnesotan~Minnesotan
ovarian~ovaire
geed~geed
crystallise~crystallise
lesions~lésions
abductions~enlèvements
decoy~decoy
uppercut~uppercut
eructation's~eructation's
peritonitis~péritonite
Eugene~Eugene
bedazzling~éblouira
Gujranwala's~Gujranwala de
Mauritania's~mauritanien
Lenten~de Carême
adaptable~adaptable
barberry~vinette
impudence~impudence
geodesy~geodesy
banes~Banes
swig~lampée
archbishops~archevêques
waterspout's~gargouille de
symbiotic~symbiotique
Mindanao's~Mindanao de
librettists~librettistes
milting~milting
painfulness's~de pénibilité
knelling~accroupi
optimising~optimisation
mythologising~mythification
jiggering~calibrage en
Calderon's~Calderon de
lubricate~lubrifier
Ferlinghetti's~Ferlinghetti de
clarion's~clairon de
CIA's~CIA
salutary~salutaire
brazed~brasé
univalves~univalves
multivitamin~multivitamine
bargain~bonne affaire
environmentalist~environmentalist
baleen's~Années fanons
paunchiest~paunchiest
chips~chips
stolidness's~stolidness de
reforestation's~le reboisement de
McDowell~McDowell
Riviera's~Riviera de
pupated~nymphose
Honeywell~Honeywell
disgruntles~disgruntles
Riga~Riga
diverge~diverge
leftist~gauchiste
evicting~evicting
invisibly~invisiblement
religiousness's~de religiousness
crested~crested
expectorant~expectorant
capaciously~capaciously
quantum~quantum
Choctaws~choctaws
symphony's~symphonie
Podunk~Petit village perdu
oversuspicious~oversuspicious
boll's~boll de
reliquary~reliquaire
Bird's~Des oiseaux
cubists~cubists
Parisian~Parisien
Bloomingdale~Bloomingdale
obstructs~obstrue
californium's~de californium
sitter's~sitter
electrification's~electrification's
clash's~choc de
intellectuals~intellectuels
Buford~Buford
donnybrooks~donnybrooks
trivia's~Années trivia
remonstrances~remontrances
tyro's~Années Tyro
alertly~alertly
charmingly~charme
enteric~enteric
moneymaker's~faiseurs d'argent
Warren's~Warren de
chanciness~chanciness
Vince~Vince
Lorrie~Lorrie
rustproofed~Antirouille
Muscat's~Muscat de
Brailles~Braille
slakes~slakes
prepares~prépare
speciality's~spécialité de
broach's~râpe de
tic's~tic de
seventeens~seventeens
Alcibiades's~Années Alcibiade
homages~hommages
suppressible~supprimable
curbstones~curbstones
kibbutzim~kibboutzim
Musharraf~Musharraf
megaphones~mégaphones
Howells~Howells
Mexicali's~Mexicali de
buttonhole's~boutonnières de
meaningless~sans signification
notating~notation de
Copley's~Copley
aggrandising~agrandissant
Gilmore~gilmore
Murdoch's~Murdoch
loftiness~hauteur
Catskills~Catskills
deadening~deadening
Negroid's~de négroïdes
intent's~l'intention de
trivialisation~trivialisation
parking's~de parking
redoubles~redouble
Chandigarh~Chandigarh
diner's~diner's
Rumpelstiltskin's~Rumpelstiltskin de
crenellates~crenellates
debaters~debaters
semitrailer~semi-remorque
unrighteousness's~Années Iniquité
registrants~inscrits
brad's~brad de
perspicacity's~de perspicacité
yucky~dégueu
defeater's~defeater's
Donovan~Donovan
attainment's~le niveau de
moussaka~Moussaka
Vasquez's~Vasquez de
lances~lances
powerhouse's~centrale électrique de
grottiest~grottiest
discharges~discharges
Sammie~Sammie
wholesaler's~grossiste de
expectorant's~expectorant's
leavings~restes
concocting~concoctant
alarming~alarmant
Anshan's~Anshan de
semifinal's~demi finales
descending~descending
Kory~Kory
mermaid~Sirène
headship~headship
estate~estate
redefinition~redéfinition
browsers~navigateurs
Natasha's~Natasha
Abigail's~Abigail
Garrick's~Garrick de
hankering's~hankering's
jumpsuit~salopette
paperclips~trombones
datebook~datebook
staircase~escalier
yearlong~d'un an
assignor's~de assignateur
Siva's~Siva de
profanation~profanation
forsythias~forsythias
godsend's~godsend's
Mauser's~Mauser de
Dix's~Dix de
boater's~de plaisancier
velum's~de velum
willy~willy
Prokofiev~Prokofiev
basing~baser
Mullins~Mullins
architectonic~architectonique
deanship~deanship
Maryanne~Maryanne
soloist~soliste
Bayes~Bayes
Ora~Ora
dormant~dormant
prelude~prélude
physiognomy~physionomie
worshipper~adorateur
Hauptmann's~Hauptmann de
warmer's~fait plus chaud
Soc~Soc
slathers~slathers
vising~Vising
Decker's~Decker
sylphic~sylphic
hertz~hertz
lollies~sucettes
groups~groups
emulating~emulating
sorrowful~douloureux
prophetess~prophétesse
enumeration's~enumeration's
candidature's~candidature de
dint~dint
diabetes~diabetes
campsite's~camping de
grocers~grocers
unsolicited~non sollicité
Woodward~Woodward
fusions~fusions
cyborgs~cyborgs
televangelist's~télévangéliste de
physios~kinés
Beatlemania~Beatlemania
printout~imprimer
tailbones~coccyx
disintegration~disintegration
gt~gt
bye's~bye de
minibike's~minimoto de
Kent~Kent
Cayenne~Cayenne
absenteeism~absentéisme
whitewashing~badigeonnage
Mandela~Mandela
headband's~serre-tête de
sharked~sharked
waterboarding's~de la simulation de noyade
marched~marchèrent
Erwin~Erwin
intermittently~par intermittence
barrette's~barette de
girlishness~girlishness
Australopithecus~Australopithecus
sleepover's~de soirée pyjama
polystyrene~polystyrène
Keven's~Keven de
spunky~plein de cran
ploughshares~socs
choreographed~chorégraphié
DAT's~DAT
redirecting~redirigeant
rebuilding~reconstitution
Wisconsinite's~Wisconsinite de
ogre~ogre
tagline's~de tagline
squeakers~Pouet
arborvitae~thuya
oleo~margarine
trow~trow
unpublished~non publié
contained~contained
omicron's~omicron de
interjection~interjection
Austronesian~austronésienne
runway~piste
discursiveness's~discursiveness's
genesis~genesis
loudmouth's~loudmouth de
detection~detection
profanely~profane
sixpence's~sixpence de
announce~annoncer
crawly~crawly
quadrillion~quadrillion
tribune~tribune
shipment's~l'expédition de
locum~locum
cilantro's~coriandre fraîche de
seacoast's~seacoast de
crinolines~crinolines
Edward~Edward
Waterbury's~Waterbury de
proves~prouve
aperture~ouverture
beseeches~implore
midstream's~midstream de
straddler~straddler
heeds~Heeds
unrulier~unrulier
Effie's~Effie de
outdoing~Dépassant
route's~la route de
eremites~eremites
roamer~vagabond
totalisator's~totalisateurs de
Jules's~Années Jules
Sisyphus's~sisyphus de
toxicity~toxicité
distinct~distinct
outstripped~dépassé
O'Keeffe~O'Keeffe
recalcitrance~caractère récalcitrant
palatine~palatin
cephalic~céphalique
gestate~gestate
ejects~ejects
cashier's~caissier
blissfully~béatement
refuses~refuse
barbered~barbered
manner's~manières
Hungarian's~hongrois
newsworthiness~newsworthiness
desegregates~desegregates
effeminacy~effeminacy
compliance's~le respect par
dimity's~dimity's
mastering~Maîtriser
shepherd's~bergers
Regulus~Regulus
headpins~headpins
requested~demandé
compulsion~compulsion
thunderhead's~Thunderhead de
sexiness~côté sexy
quarreller~querelleur
subdivision~subdivision
oaf~lourdaud
Nov's~novembre de
chrysalises~chrysalides
unverified~non vérifié
kibbled~concassés
wronged~fait du tort
headsman's~de headsman
infiltrates~infiltrats
christology~christologie
Hebert's~Hébert
pleaded~a plaidé
figuratively~figuratively
caulkers~calfats
forgave~forgave
positiveness's~de positiveness
canasta~canasta
smell's~odeur de
chowed~chowed
demilitarise~demilitarise
Mallomars's~Années Mallomars
elective~elective
retread~rechapage
churl~rustre
outpaces~surpassent celles
dramatisation's~dramatisation's
Orwellian's~orwellien de
proclaimed~proclamé
Sodom~Sodome
computerate~computerate
despairingly~despairingly
expropriators~expropriators
phial~fiole
marksmanship~adresse au tir
efficiency~efficiency
staked~jalonné
heiress's~héritière de
shirring~fronces
future's~future's
thinking's~pense
messiah's~messie de
Kevlar~Kevlar
assimilation~assimilation
homiletic~homilétique
Herring~hareng
negotiates~négocie
loan's~prêt de
milkiest~milkiest
unwittingly~involontairement
philosophers~philosophes
Stewart's~Stewart
congealment~coagulation
Winnie's~Winnie
bandies~bandies
hovels~masures
Kuwaiti~koweïtien
drew~drew
hydrosphere's~hydrosphère de
exhalation's~exhalation's
gantry~gantry
needles~aiguilles
bookbinding~reliure
Ti~Ti
fermentation's~fermentation's
john's~john
consumption's~consumption's
emotionalism's~emotionalism's
Jacob~Jacob
Leary's~Leary
graceful~graceful
mos~mos
linings~doublures
pinstripes~fines rayures
Shawn~Shawn
prosody's~de la prosodie
geologic~geologic
feldspar~feldspar
adaption~adaption
maggot~asticot
carbuncle's~Années escarboucle
villain's~méchant de
Subaru~Subaru
Lovecraft's~Lovecraft
anthill~fourmilière
abscissa's~abscisse du
Wilhelmina's~Wilhelmina de
seeming~apparent
roams~erre
lend~prêter
Haiphong's~Haiphong de
crabbier~crabbier
spiritual~spirituel
effuses~effuses
nitpicked~nitpicked
pseuds~pseuds
crinoline's~crinoline's
fruitlessness~fruitlessness
incongruous~incongru
trademarks~marques
cartographer~cartographe
meritoriousness's~meritoriousness de
readiest~plus prêt
chordates~chordés
xis~xis
dumber~dumber
Bugatti's~Bugatti
yews~ifs
tamest~plus docile
defoliator~defoliator
deprogram~deprogram
foaminess~foaminess
wastefulness~gaspillage
Krakatoa~Krakatoa
artillerymen~canonniers
melodrama~mélodrame
clang~bruit
transitions~transitions
verdure's~verdures de
bunion~oignon
bore~ennuyer
futz~futz
Lucite~Lucite
shoves~enfourne
briskest~briskest
centre~centre
ergo~ergo
loyally~loyalement
grey's~grey's
Antony's~Antoine de
dram's~dram's
chanciest~chanciest
obsessed~obsédé
Illinoisan~Illinoisan
Hz~Hz
elemental~elemental
lamppost's~de lampadaire
I'm~je suis
completes~battant
Medan~Medan
individualises~individualise
Spinoza~Spinoza
lecher's~paillard de
hurdle's~obstacle de
neatness's~de neatness
choker's~choker de
brimming~regorgeant
stroppiest~stroppiest
facsimile's~facsimile's
blandishment's~de flatterie
aurora's~aurora de
aquatints~aquatintes
circumcising~circoncire
Cascades's~Cascades de
NW's~NW de
sunburning~coups de soleil
transferal's~transferal de
dehydrogenated~dehydrogenated
ca~Californie
disbarment's~disbarment's
Bertram~Bertram
Dawn~Aube
Jinny's~Jinny de
Jay~Geai
inaction's~de l'inaction
choppiest~choppiest
druggists~druggists
footslogging~footslogging
chaplet~chapelet
antisubmarine~antisubmarine
turnaround~tourner autour
blasphemers~blasphémateurs
wave's~vagues
loincloth~loincloth
rewash~relaver
Taichung~Taichung
McClellan's~McClellan de
hubcaps~enjoliveurs
Lumiere~Lumiere
quack~charlatan
eradication~eradication
airmail's~de la poste aérienne
Dewayne's~Dewayne de
annals's~annales de
Saudis~Saoudiens
pineapple~ananas
westwards~vers l'ouest
anticommunism's~de l'anticommunisme
yuckiest~yuckiest
outlasts~outlasts
erysipelas~erysipelas
cached~mis en cache
Tocantins~Tocantins
snickers~Snickers
gens~gens
darners~darners
pirating~piratage
lectern~lutrin
utilisation~utilisation
antimacassar's~antimacassar de
regular's~de réguliers
parameters~paramètres
deride~deride
interlinked~reliés entre eux
babying~dorlotant
miniskirt's~Années minijupe
agoraphobic~agoraphobe
phallocentric~phallocrate
broached~abordé
Salvadorians~Salvadoriens
recolonises~recolonises
west~Ouest
Marvin~Marvin
jihadist~djihadiste
rose's~des roses
Tyrone's~Tyrone de
inevitably~inévitablement
homeys~homeys
woes~malheurs
multiples~multiples
taints~tares
confabs~conciliabules
weekday~jour de la semaine
Bhutanese's~bhoutanais de
inept~inepte
beer's~bières
heroine's~héroïne de
Tolyatti~Togliatti
motorist's~motoriste de
shovelful's~pelletées de
yodelled~yodelled
Refugio~Refugio
heinous~odieux
Ricky's~Ricky
saltshaker's~de salière
Wozzeck's~Wozzeck de
iron's~fers
abacuses~abaques
Bess's~Bess de
Conner's~Conner de
largehearted~largehearted
Changchun~Changchun
salaamed~salaamed
jokes~blagues
repossession~reprise de possession
scenarists~scénaristes
insensitively~insensible à la casse
mappers~cartographes
bruits~bruits
whirrs~ronflements
invigilates~surveille des
wharf~quai
hicks~ploucs
kilobytes~kilooctets
assiduously~assidûment
darlings~darlings
retake's~reprendre son
skilfulness~habileté
purification~purification
biophysics's~Années Biophysique
elective's~elective's
incarnation~incarnation
segregates~ségrégations
BlackBerry's~BlackBerry de
Marseilles's~Années Marseille
outsourced~externalisé
Alar~Alar
phoebe's~phoebe de
bights~coudes
they've~ils ont
Bloomfield~Bloomfield
gringos~gringos
lurgy~lurgy
trinity's~trinité de
blowpipe's~de sarbacane
Tarkenton's~Tarkenton de
DuPont~DuPont
ballasts~ballasts
greeting~greeting
jingle~tinter
portable~portable
midfield~milieu de terrain
campers~Les campeurs
flagged~flagged
Semiramis~Semiramis
indentation~échancrure
diary~diary
routinises~routinises
retrace~retracer
Stuarts~Stuarts
dreamlike~dreamlike
hungers~faims
Lahore's~Lahore de
thereat~là-dessus
component~composant
Stoicism's~stoïcisme de
affliction's~affliction de
furled~furled
Cartwright's~Cartwright de
flickers~flickers
marinas~marinas
legible~lisible
heterodoxy~hétérodoxie
sirocco~sirocco
ternaries~ternaires
WV~Virginie-Occidentale
impinge~empiéter
delectable~delectable
bathe's~baignades
conferring~conférant
cocky~cocky
breezy~frais
Dora~Dora
arborvitae's~thuya de
loge~Loge
com~com
xenophobe~xenophobe
geographically~geographically
omnivorousness~omnivore
intellectualises~intellectualise
corpuscle~corpuscle
Severn's~Severn de
pantheistic~panthéiste
optometrist~optométristes
Gross's~Gross de
initialises~initialise
beached~échoués sur les plages
glottis's~glottis's
fiddler~fiddler
circuses~cirques
shilling's~shilling de
fundamentalism~fundamentalism
Spinx's~spinx de
architecture~architecture
banisters~balustres
relation~relation
Barack's~Barack de
Kruger~Kruger
geoengineering~geoengineering
flattery's~flattery's
yum~Miam
gite~gite
Calcutta's~Calcutta de
Husserl~husserl
allocating~allocation
fund~fund
fart~fart
affianced~fiancer
booths~cabines
freaking~freaking
resiliency's~la résilience de
proscription's~proscription de
teaser~taquin
previewed~visualisé
extremist's~extremist's
undaunted~courageux
Washingtonian~Washingtonian
depopulate~depopulate
clothier's~drapier de
firefight's~firefight's
emotive~emotive
trickily~trickily
Metallica's~Metallica
northerly~du nord
wiring's~câblage de
concretions~concrétions
torsion's~torsion de
Scripture's~Écriture de
untypically~untypically
retreated~battu en retraite
calligraphy's~calligraphie de
unquestionable~incontestable
obtuseness~stupidité
Hank's~Hank
rusk~biscotte
Nijinsky's~Nijinsky de
cohesiveness~cohésion
Spartan's~Spartan
sequined~sequins
dishpan's~dishpan's
hyphening~hyphening
turbochargers~turbocompresseurs
razzes~Razzes
afterbirth~placenta
forgery's~forgery's
gigawatts~gigawatts
Richmond's~Richmond de
eighty's~eighty's
fiercely~fiercely
doc's~doc's
grabs~grabs
yodel~tyrolienne
nutcrackers~nutcrackers
thumping's~cognant de
currycomb~currycomb
shiatsu~shiatsu
residents~résidents
divergence~divergence
townswoman's~de citadine
faster~faster
bachelorhood's~Années bachelorhood
palanquin~palanquin
duvet~duvet
criminally~criminally
unfortunately~malheureusement
revived~ravivé
diluting~diluting
swirled~tourbillonné
withdrawal's~le retrait de
dowser's~dowser's
Gershwin's~Gershwin
moneymaker~affaire lucrative
townhouses~maisons de ville
Algonquins~Algonquins
poulterer~poulterer
solidifies~solidifie
Icelandic's~islandais de
flunky~flunky
Glenn's~Glenn
dishrag's~dishrag's
miscarriages~fausses couches
ingrains~ingrains
seining~seining
gushes~gushes
jacquard~jacquard
torrents~torrents
taxidermists~taxidermistes
redoubtable~redoutable
lambkin's~agnelet de
disgustingly~disgustingly
anchors~ancres
resection's~La résection de
veers~dextrogyre
Adkins~Adkins
tyrannising~tyranniser
standardise~standardiser
sleep's~sommeil
Bunuel's~Buñuel
scorch~brûler
Harold's~Harold
ultraviolet~ultra-violet
sophisticate~distordre
dominants~dominants
sealant~scellant
replications~réplications
feds~feds
maladjustment's~de déréglage
deathblows~deathblows
rafter's~arbalétrier de
Shepherd~Berger
vikings~vikings
shrine~tombeau
radioisotopes~radioisotopes
woven~tisser
exposition~exposition
Limburger's~Limburger de
stones~des pierres
eyetooth~eyetooth
evangelises~evangelises
Chung~Chung
creakily~creakily
retrodden~retrodden
extortionist~extortionist
newness~nouveauté
earthier~earthier
loquacity~loquacité
soothsaying's~de divinatoire
curium's~curium's
Lowell~Lowell
Surya's~Surya de
Liechtensteiner's~Liechtensteiner de
snowstorm's~tempête de neige de
saki's~Saki de
birdcages~volières
stenographer~sténographe
obligation~obligation
calcined~calciné
timidity~timidité
pedagogically~pédagogiquement
Goldman's~Goldman
debilitate~debilitate
unreeling~dérouleur
guessing~guessing
tapeworm~ténia
musketeers~mousquetaire
loquaciously~faconde
Switz~Switz
landholder~propriétaire terrien
percentiles~centiles
homonym's~de homonymie
Weill~Weill
untidiness~désordre
doeskin's~doeskin's
licit~licite
transfusions~transfusions
Sigurd's~Sigurd de
urge~exhorter
lucidly~lucidement
restfuller~restfuller
neighboured~neighboured
bookends~serre-livres
gossamer~gossamer
misstatements~fausses déclarations
pitta~pitta
washerwoman~laveuse
vale~vallée
facilitated~facilitated
prevaricator's~de prévaricateur
rev's~rev de
ewer~ewer
congratulated~félicité
Workman~Ouvrier
Cheney's~Cheney
brewer~brasseur
railing's~de garde-corps
ruefulness's~de ruefulness
complexity~complexité
harder~harder
lazing~paresser
advent's~avènement de
Kathrine~Kathrine
tourneys~tourneys
greediest~greediest
husbandry~agriculture
monarchy's~monarchie de
stripteases~stripteases
quoth~quoth
connectors~connecteurs
cohesiveness's~la cohésion de
trumpeting~barrissement
paladin~paladin
warhead~ogive
telecaster~Telecaster
submerge~submerger
raft's~radeau de
scrabble~scrabble
clearings~clairières
fulfilled~fulfilled
partnership's~Le partenariat entre
dinghy's~dinghy's
inheritance~héritage
itinerant's~de ambulantes
aerobics's~années d'aérobic
asseveration~asseveration
answer~répondre
aerobatics~acrobaties aériennes
adaptive~adaptatif
policewoman's~de policewoman
interchanging~interchangeant
shillings~shillings
gruesomeness~gruesomeness
floorboard~floorboard
coaxers~coaxers
perfuming~parfumant
ticklers~chatouilleurs
surfs~surfs
betokens~dénote
blender's~mélangeur de
abbrev~abbrev
pleat's~plisser de
curses~curses
Picasso~Picasso
controversy's~controversy's
dibble~dibble
chalcedony~calcédoine
portholes~hublots
disorientating~disorientating
murkier~plus trouble
dhows~dhows
ecological~ecological
cable~câble
verbs~verbes
impregnate~imprégner
washtub~baquet
underrate~méconnaître
retaking~reconquête
Orpheus~Orphée
cobwebbiest~cobwebbiest
pilaf~pilaf
downshifting~downshifting
shrill~aigu
mummer's~cabot de
Randolph~Randolph
kitchenettes~kitchenette
amassing~amassant
sideswipe's~de sideswipe
earplug's~earplug's
footnotes~footnotes
bimbo~Bimbo
miscalculating~mauvais calcul
Siemens's~Siemens de
enlarger's~enlarger's
gar~gar
Jacquelyn's~Jacquelyn de
lynching's~lynchage de
socials~socials
Jansen~Jansen
panders~Panders
renegaded~renegaded
quizzical~narquois
abrasiveness~abrasivité
houseboat's~bateau-maison de
heuristics's~heuristiques de
mortality~mortalité
strike~la grève
tabby's~Années tabby
Furies's~Années Furies
Belinda~Belinda
waysides~bords de route
forestland's~forestland's
spiting~spiting
SLR~SLR
recaptured~recapturé
dictum~dictum
Morgans~Morgans
substitution~substitution
hairline~hairline
filtering~filtering
Yakut~Yakut
waterboarded~waterboarding
revocation~révocation
strafe~marmiter
forehead's~forehead's
discountenance~discountenance
immutably~immuablement
bludgeon's~assommoir de
banner~bannière
racing~courses
pontiff's~pontife de
deviate~deviate
bonobo's~bonobo de
terminologies~terminologies
barroom's~barroom de
Evita's~Evita de
silky~soyeux
marvel~merveille
mention's~mention de
quick's~est rapide
urchin's~Urchin de
temperature's~de la température
totemic~totémique
attractiveness's~L'attractivité de
serenity's~la sérénité de
warehousing~entreposage
tedium~ennui
antsier~antsier
spewing~crachant
mockingbird's~de Mockingbird
Cuzco~Cuzco
Artie's~Artie de
accountancy~comptabilité
unadorned~sans fioritures
tariff's~tarif de
males~mâles
homered~a bouclé le circuit
phone's~Téléphones
stuffiness~manque d'air
Arawakan's~arawak de
refulgent~éclatant
Santa~Père Noël
beardless~imberbe
waterfall~cascade
fidget's~fidget's
Kurdish's~de kurdes
fluorite~fluorite
befogged~embrouillés
regularity~régularité
abductee~abductee
negligence~négligence
Frost's~Frost
narcotic's~narcotique de
craftsman's~craftsman's
lectures~conférences
kippered~kipper
pedestrianisation~piétonisation
reweighing~repesage
scrambler~brouilleur
sports~des sports
irises~Iris
innateness's~de innéité
buttocks~fesses
epaulette~epaulette
mutability~mutabilité
khan's~khan de
obnoxious~odieux
frontwards~frontwards
Patton's~Patton
pawn's~pion de
enterprising~enterprising
desperado's~desperado's
category's~catégorie de
Araguaya's~Araguaya de
Tommy~Tommy
bandaged~bandé
revere~révérer
brickbats~brickbats
edelweiss's~edelweiss's
programmed~programmé
notching~entaillage
perpetuated~perpétué
Selena's~Selena
Rowling~Rowling
Argonne~Argonne
dividers~dividers
aviatrix~aviatrice
monotony~monotonie
slathering~slathering
articulation's~articulation de
upcountry's~upcountry de
screamingly~screamingly
seine's~seine de
decedents~decedents
Logan~Logan
DP's~PDD
masqueraders~masqueraders
disbandment's~disbandment's
tyre's~pneu de
facetiousness's~facetiousness's
Limbaugh's~Limbaugh de
squirrel's~écureuils
endemic's~endemic's
recompose~recomposer
Tashkent~Tachkent
cheerleaders~pom pom girls
Baroda's~Baroda de
bureaucratises~bureaucratises
governable~governable
anaemically~anaemically
statesman~homme d'État
predicated~fondée
thumbtack~punaise
midland's~midland de
insensitivity's~manque de sensibilité de
foe's~foe's
Sophocles~Sophocles
delint~delint
tireless~infatigable
froggings~froggings
twangier~twangier
revoked~révoqué
trebled~triplés
Seder~Seder
meditates~médite
twigged~pigé
river~rivière
Nicole's~Nicole de
Gerald's~Gerald de
metatarsus~métatarse
zippering~zippering
toileted~sa toilette
recompute~recalculées
persistence's~la persistance de
supererogation~surérogation
demonstration~demonstration
gear~gear
confluence's~confluence de
pontificating~pontifiant
benign~bénin
emailed~emailed
unfaithfully~infidèlement
differential's~differential's
duffer~duffer
budge~bouger
unashamedly~sans vergogne
marketers~marketing
jumpiness~jumpiness
cheekier~cheekier
successively~successivement
reek~puanteur
Puritan~puritain
pie~tarte
dips~dips
mire's~bourbier de
Aeneid~Enéide
meany's~meany de
centralisation~centralisation
sundials~cadrans solaires
Scarlatti~Scarlatti
chubbiness~chubbiness
hostlers~palefreniers
gm~gm
adjectivally~adjectivement
Sean's~de Sean
potentiality's~virtualité de
vans~fourgonnettes
target's~objectif de
openings~ouvertures
Foxes~renards
gametic~gametic
cruel~cruel
stockbrokers~courtiers en valeurs mobilières
barges~péniches
Tussaud's~Tussaud
umiak's~Années umiak
blemishing~entachant
fatuity's~fatuity's
forsworn~forsworn
Marin's~Marin de
deviant's~deviant's
nonchalantly~nonchalamment
Velma~Velma
lithium's~lithium de
Treblinka~Treblinka
debarring~debarring
arboretum~arboretum
faithful~faithful
boasters~fanfarons
waters's~eaux de
Kulthumm~Kulthumm
wherries~esquifs
entrusting~entrusting
lampreys~lamproies
farmhand's~farmhand's
clumped~agglutinées
watermelon~pastèque
bonus~prime
puzzled~perplexe
rottweiler~rottweiler
tombstone's~pierre tombale de
hosiers~bonnetiers
encourage~encourage
Babylonians~Babyloniens
buckram's~bougran de
meaning~sens
Mixtec~mixtèque
ballot~bulletin de vote
charmer's~charmeur de
tenons~tenons
mounded~monticules
bullocks~jeunes taureaux
audit~audit
peregrination's~pérégrination de
overalls's~salopette
seasickness's~de mal de mer
consummating~consummating
toenails~ongles d'orteil
viburnums~viornes
destiny's~destiny's
churlishness~grossièreté
correlations~correlations
reauthorizing~réautorisation
chirography's~chirography de
insipidity~insipidité
Djibouti~Djibouti
Boethius~Boèce
Ho~Ho
effrontery~effrontery
voyageurs~Voyageurs
plagiarists~plagiaires
mitochondria~mitochondries
dislodged~dislodged
mealiest~mealiest
Moody's~Moody
clericalism's~Années cléricalisme
expectation~expectation
intimacy~intimité
outsider's~extérieur de
congaed~congaed
zoned~zoné
conserve's~la conservation de
linoleum~linoléum
Wendy~Wendy
tolerance's~de la tolérance
engendered~engendered
armfuls~brassées
consolidated~consolidé
colloquialisms~tournures
Shetland~Shetland
punishment~Châtiment
Wyomingite's~Wyomingite de
Martin~Martin
traipsing~traipsing
entrenches~entrenches
girth's~girth's
desuetude's~desuetude's
cytoplasmic~cytoplasmic
Cathay~Cathay
abusiveness~la grossièreté
endometrium~endometrium
comers~venus
spineless~mou
fratricide's~fratricide's
muleteer~muletier
minimums~minimum
EverReady's~EverReady de
coalitions~coalitions
dare~dare
area~région
fights~fights
burl's~ronce de
causes~les causes
Dirk's~Dirk
lurking~cachette
showings~indices
marsh~le marais
infrastructures~infrastructures
Anselmo~Anselmo
justifications~justifications
geophysics's~geophysics's
parachutist~parachutiste
impingement~impingement
fairy~fairy
scoring~points
Kitchener's~Kitchener de
saliently~saliently
undertaking's~entreprise de
ROM~ROM
stockaded~palissadée
trouncer's~Trouncer de
Armenian's~arméniens de
erection's~erection's
stalemated~dans l'impasse
mastery's~la maîtrise de
Triassic~Trias
prophesying~prophétisant
nematode~nématodes
saintliest~plus sainte
barnstormer's~barnstormer de
aridity's~de l'aridité
reclaimable~reclaimable
gouged~gouged
oceanographic~océanographique
winterises~winterises
safariing~safariing
asp's~asp de
wisp~brin
Krupp's~Krupp
tenably~tenably
favourably~favourably
ha~ha
nationalism's~Le nationalisme de
roofless~sans toit
LED's~LED
skimp~lésiner
lushest~plus luxuriantes
sandblast~jet de sable
videlicet~videlicet
growler~growler
regrinds~affûtages
Sanka~Sanka
vulgarise~vulgariser
snorkels~tubas
mollify~amadouer
rejoined~répondit
superintending~Superintending
discomposure's~discomposure's
Argo~Argo
astigmatisms~astigmatismes
lady~Dame
spacial~spacial
Arlene~Arlene
slavering~baveux
epithelium~epithelium
greenback's~greenback's
rhapsodical~rhapsodical
shy's~timide
waxen~cireux
sires~taureaux
nonstarters~nonstarters
Frontenac's~Frontenac de
Montenegrin's~monténégrin de
stutterers~bègues
lactated~lactate
lei~lei
disclosure~disclosure
abdicates~abdique
scope's~la portée de
Shiite's~de chiites
Canterbury's~Canterbury de
unjustified~injustifié
cliometrics's~Années cliométrie
mistranslated~une erreur de traduction
prickly~épineux
reforested~reboisés
ewers~ewers
scrapie~scrapie
capsulises~capsulises
lapboards~lapboards
churchmen~Église
laughingstock's~risée de
lightweights~poids légers
Bruckner~Bruckner
Thrace's~Thrace de
lyrebird's~lyrebird de
jabbered~baragouinais
penthouse's~penthouse de
groupware's~groupware's
pomp~pompe
stultified~abrutie
derailleur's~derailleur's
nattiness~nattiness
perceptiveness~perspicacité
Amy~Amy
darner's~darner's
foreordaining~foreordaining
metallurgy~métallurgie
atria~atriums
cordite's~cordite's
balaclava's~Années Balaclava
guesstimated~guesstimated
formulating~formulating
cuter~cuter
confabulation's~de fabulation
dedication~dedication
purport's~de portée
windier~venteuses
opaquely~opaque
cattails~quenouilles
census~recensement
togaed~togaed
grater~grater
stein~stein
brutish~brutal
undertaken~entreprise
hygrometer's~hygromètre de
Divine's~divine
neoplasms~néoplasmes
radon's~radon de
interning~interner
cyclone~cyclone
hearties~hearties
inquisitorial~inquisitorial
then~puis
deodorised~deodorised
urinalysis~analyse d'urine
kissoff's~kissoff de
girted~girted
LNG~GNL
Lent's~Lent
pounce~bondir
digressed~digressed
pastie~pastie
pimp's~proxénète de
skimpiness~skimpiness
bloodstock~bêtes à race pure
Clearasil~Clearasil
discontinuity~discontinuity
cowlings~cowlings
Greens~Légumes verts
bally~bally
neurasthenics~neurasthéniques
fellowship's~fellowship's
Montenegrin~monténégrin
Lawanda's~Lawanda de
palindromes~palindromes
mainsail~grand-voile
preoccupy~préoccuper
menorahs~menorahs
foraging~foraging
exoneration~exoneration
Jarrett~Jarrett
nut~écrou
penance's~de pénitence
burr~ronce
chum's~chum de
hooey's~hooey de
newswoman's~de newswoman
Khomeini's~Khomeiny
reeducation's~de rééducation
conjugation's~conjugaison de
amour~amour
mainlined~mainlined
Scottsdale~Scottsdale
Guadalajara's~Guadalajara de
haling~haling
helmeted~casqué
valved~valved
barricading~barricader
apses~absides
Rod's~Rod de
bookend's~serre-livres de
fa~fa
shepherds~bergers
retrials~rejugés
Borlaug's~Borlaug de
uncommonness's~uncommonness de
beaut~beaut
hauteur~hauteur
cutaway~cutaway
travestying~travestissement
cockfight's~de combats de coqs
usherette~ouvreuse
applicability~applicabilité
Elaine~Elaine
conditional's~conditionnels de
tendentiousness's~de caractère tendancieux
emboldened~emboldened
dagoes~dagoes
overexposed~surexposée
micromanagement~microgestion
Huntsville's~Huntsville de
Leipzig~Leipzig
Alabaman's~Alabaman de
solenoid~solénoïde
refastened~refixée
doeskins~doeskins
richly~richement
roadie~roadie
moisturisers~moisturisers
unstrapping~déboucler
instigated~incité à commettre
refrigeration~réfrigération
Martina~Martina
mobiliser's~mobilisatrice de
Scottie~Scottie
fiancee~fiancee
sassier~sassier
esp~esp
gullet's~gullet's
vivisectional~vivisectional
paperer's~Paperer de
straighter~plus droit
clergies~clergés
flashest~flashest
consigned~consignés
devilry~devilry
destabilises~destabilises
A's~Comme
sackful~sac plein
sidelines~en marge
Eur~EUR
gull's~gull's
shallow~peu profond
dumps~dumps
gridlocked~gridlocked
sizzle's~Années grésillement
declaw~declaw
squeeze~écraser
nonsustaining~nonsustaining
intervened~intervenu
rediscoveries~redécouvertes
Viking's~VIKING
marauder~maraudeur
scarcely~à peine
ulceration's~ulcération de
vasoconstriction~vasoconstriction
composites~matériaux composites
dimmers~dimmers
sweets~bonbons
skeleton's~squelette de
poseur's~poseur de
Murine's~murine de
foreigner's~foreigner's
nastiness~méchanceté
mystification's~de mystification
cup's~cup's
solemner~solemner
harmonisation~harmonisation
muscly~muscly
enactment~enactment
hurdler~sauteur de haies
glittery~glittery
parishioner~paroissien
jests~railleries
Harrell's~Harrell de
hand's~hand's
sharp~tranchant
pix~pix
baton~bâton
stereoscopes~stéréoscopes
Bert's~Bert
rump's~croupion de
seminar~séminaire
disclosing~disclosing
numbered~numérotée
CV~CV
counterpart~counterpart
micks~Micks
begets~engendre
accusatives~accusatifs
pelleting~pastillage
carnation's~de Carnation
fishtail~fishtail
lunchtime's~midi de
pirouette~pirouette
persuader's~Années Persuader
prezzie~cadeau
Assembly~Assemblée
secretions~sécrétions
welterweights~welterweights
Smolensk~Smolensk
southern~du sud
unmotivated~démotivés
magnitude's~l'ampleur de
allergen~allergène
jawline~jawline
wagering~pariant
hearts~cœurs
photocopy's~photocopie de
shoreline's~rivage de
Luddite's~luddite de
labourer's~ouvrier de
weathering's~de vieillissement
bylaw~arrêté
rumbaing~rumbaing
participle's~participe de
longshoreman's~de docker
wheelchairs~fauteuils roulants
Clapeyron's~Clapeyron de
griffons~griffons
Emilia~Emilia
Shostakovitch~shostakovitch
joins~joint
compositely~de manière composite
souls~âmes
pelt's~peau de
Senghor~Senghor
debarkation's~debarkation's
spa~spa
Indonesian's~de l'Indonésie
timider~timider
allying~alliant
busload~busload
Kodak~Kodak
twangiest~twangiest
Alpheratz~Alpheratz
meth~meth
lectern's~de lutrin
grampuses~grampuses
Mallarme's~Mallarmé
mooting~concours de plaidoirie
rediscover~redécouvrir
encased~encased
Vietminh~Vietminh
imperiousness's~de caractère impérieux
entitled~entitled
Concorde~Concorde
overdraft's~de découvert bancaire
blusher's~Nja de
faithless~faithless
surly~bourru
beagle~beagle
Yankee's~Yankee de
hypercritically~à la loupe
Delia's~Delia
embarrassingly~embarrassingly
relining~regarnissage
nonchalant~nonchalant
mushing~mushing
clamours~clameurs
datelined~datelined
spilled~déversé
nobelium~nobelium
blindsided~aveuglés
vaudevillians~vaudevilliens
posse~détachement
patricide's~de parricide
noodle~nouille
Callie~Callie
flirty~flirty
photos~Photos
banns's~Années bans
trilateral~trilatéral
deserted~deserted
Brooks~Brooks
gangway~gangway
pumice's~ponce de
Meyerbeer~Meyerbeer
Cokes~cokes
outhouse's~de toilette sèche
chequing~chèques
ignited~mis à feu
crimps~crimps
stiffens~raidit
transnational~transnationale
predecease~prédécéder
brittleness~friabilité
Winnebago's~Winnebago de
recalculate~recalculer
shirr~froncer
manipulators~manipulateurs
keybinding~raccourci clavier
sharpness~acuité
potability~potabilité
deposit's~deposit's
weatherise~weatherise
philatelists~philatélistes
wassailed~wassailed
Yugo's~Années Yugo
prepay~pré-paiement
Attica~Attique
atmospherics's~Années Atmospherics
Kauai's~Kauai de
Jataka~jâtaka
Shakespeare's~Shakespeare
miscounted~mal compté
sweptback~en flèche
Amenhotep's~de Amenhotep
lyricists~paroliers
fount~fount
flareups~flareups
reformulates~reformule
insectivore's~de insectivore
Howell's~Howell
versatile~polyvalent
incrementalism~gradualisme
flogging's~flogging's
necklace's~collier de
Breathalyzer~alcootest
neoclassical~néo-classique
builder's~constructeur de
blind's~maillard
financiers~financiers
bewilders~désoriente
indentured~sous contrat
strenuousness's~de pénibilités
impostors~imposteurs
aficionados~amateurs
impositions~impositions
menopause~ménopause
appositive's~de appositive
forbade~forbade
unperformed~inexécutée
determination~determination
Briton's~Briton de
Barron's~Barron
swallows~hirondelles
conviviality~conviviality
cornerstones~cornerstones
ascended~monté
rejiggering~rejiggering
stagecoach~diligence
meaninglessly~absurdement
misdirecting~mauvaise orientation
clitoris~clitoris
rewinding~rembobinage
Bialystok~Bialystok
plaid~plaid
Sanhedrin's~Sanhédrin de
jolly~gai
distaffs~distaffs
buckskins~peau de daim
injury's~blessure de
alterations~modifications
pest~casse-pieds
Qiqihar~Qiqihar
whacks~horions
tarpons~tarpons
profuseness's~profusions de
ballooning~vol en montgolfière
shamrocks~trèfles
converted~converted
docent~docent
sandlots~Sandlots
prekindergarten's~années prématernelle
matchwood's~de copeaux de bois
earner's~earner's
inhibitor~inhibiteur
Hts~hts
airdropping~parachutage
unfaithfulness's~unfaithfulness de
Moore~Moore
dadaism~dadaism
trolled~trôlée
Pontianak's~Pontianak de
incommunicado~au secret
dictating~dictating
soapier~soapier
prescription's~de prescription
flanking~flanking
Frauen~Frauen
matricide's~de matricide
spar's~longeron de
airiest~airiest
airway's~de voies aériennes
synchronously~synchrone
squirrelled~squirrelled
Mazarin's~Mazarin
complaints~plaintes
Weber~Weber
mutters~marmonne
manoeuvre~manœuvre
ingratiates~ingratiates
underscores~soulignement
contractors~contractors
charmers~charmeurs
shopping's~achats de
Kentuckians~Kentuckians
deter~deter
seamount's~seamount de
liar's~menteurs
welcome~Bienvenue
choosers~choosers
zeds~zeds
jerkily~saccadée
damped~damped
burger~Burger
Kresge's~Kresge
outside~à l'extérieur
optimums~optimums
aurora~aurore
encephalitis~encephalitis
sixth~sixième
Swissair~Swissair
Miaplacidus~Miaplacidus
driveway's~driveway's
steely~steely
underachiever's~de underachiever
checksum~somme de contrôle
throughway~Throughway
dashes~dashes
Smuts~Smuts
bother's~la peine de
overdressing~trop chauds
laburnums~cytises
aviatrix's~Années aviatrice
McKay's~McKay
mishap's~mésaventure de
knowledge's~la connaissance de
brawling~bagarre
nowise~nullement
dearness~dearness
duopoly~duopoly
hammered~hammered
reenter~réentrer
cobbler~cordonnier
eclectics~eclectics
staving~Staving
administered~administré
range's~gamme de
structure's~la structure de
friars~friars
sybarite's~de sybarite
Julies~Julies
appear~apparaître
repression~répression
bibliographer~bibliographe
statelier~plus imposante
widescreen~grand écran
Merle's~Merle
Detroit's~de Detroit
Leviathan's~Léviathan de
vitals's~Années signes vitaux
snowboarder~snowboarder
designations~designations
linesman~juge de touche
internalised~intériorisé
mezzo~mezzo
castor~castor
overspread~répandue sur
blush's~fard à joues de
benevolent~bienveillant
Nguyen~Nguyen
piker's~pingre de
elopements~elopements
pyramids~pyramides
embargoing~embargoing
Rosie~Rosie
unbidden~sans demande
decongestant~decongestant
feckless~feckless
Parisians~Parisiens
payee~bénéficiaire
Wallis's~Wallis de
rupiah's~roupie de
pentathlons~pentathlons
fitfully~fitfully
mindbogglingly~mindbogglingly
fared~fared
Aquarius's~Verseau de
Whitehead~Whitehead
sparking~la formation d'étincelles
caressing~caressante
firepower's~firepower's
feuded~feuded
permeable~perméable
harangues~harangues
formulation's~formulation's
sandpiper's~Années Sandpiper
appurtenant~s'y rattache
janitorial~nettoyage et d'entretien
inhumanity's~inhumanité de
hectogram~hectogramme
shuttles~navettes
mugshot~Mugshot
rubrics~rubriques
grassland~grassland
steadying~stabilisatrice
condemnation~condamnation
Cancers~cancers
Cobb's~Cobb de
sunrise's~le soleil se lève
banishes~bannit
letterer~letterer
slicker~combinard
crux's~crux's
stanches~panse
Etta's~Etta de
remittance~remise
alien's~extraterrestres
bedsores~escarres
tingled~fourmillements
envisages~envisages
Vedanta's~Vedanta de
Barbie~Barbie
doubtful~doubtful
aslant~en biais
setback~revers
derrieres~derrieres
piracy's~de la piraterie
Midwesterner~Midwesterner
dreamworld~dreamworld
ford~ford
physicked~physicked
mandrake's~Mandrake
Cronin's~Cronin de
mismanaging~gère mal
tussle~lutte
altogether~tout à fait
antenatal~prénatale
Keaton's~Keaton
incriminating~incriminant
chuckled~un petit rire
embellishment's~embellishment's
perversions~perversions
arsenic's~arsenic de
poultice~cataplasme
taters~taters
selenographer~sélénographe
Tyre's~Tire de
night's~nuits
semaphoring~semaphoring
Pareto's~Pareto
stairwells~cages d'escalier
excommunicates~excommunicates
Cecile~Cecile
cosmogony's~cosmogony's
jobber~tripoteur
amalgamation~fusion
Porrima's~Porrima de
benumb~engourdir
souring~acidité
lacerates~lacère
daybeds~daybeds
Iago's~Iago de
pebbles~cailloux
trombonist's~du tromboniste
antidepressant~antidépresseur
assaulted~agressée
writs~brefs
quiets~QUIETS
Siberians~Sibériens
Darlene's~Darlene de
gun's~gun's
steeliness~steeliness
Paraguay~Paraguay
carbonise~carboniser
prompted~vous êtes invité
illusions~illusions
calibration~étalonnage
adversest~adversest
comprised~composé
interestingly~Fait intéressant
rental's~Location de
Scan~Balayage
chipboard~panneaux de particules
enfolding~enfolding
insanity~folie
departmentalisation's~departmentalisation's
seat~siège
rightism's~de droitisme
broadest~le plus large
Popper's~Popper
Bender's~Bender de
shuffleboard's~jeu de palets de
expatriation's~expatriation's
iceman's~de iceman
forfeiture's~forfeiture's
cots~cots
Ostrogoth~Ostrogot
semantics's~la sémantique de
ruefully~avec regret
direction's~direction's
washroom~toilettes
cuckoo~cuckoo
enigmatic~enigmatic
Safavid~safavide
hurriedly~précipitamment
planners~planificateurs
Malacca~Malacca
reaping~fauche
haul's~courriers de
carbohydrate~hydrates de carbone
curliest~curliest
peppy~énergique
corrugations~corrugations
hurried~pressé
comparing~comparant
completeness's~l'exhaustivité de
Schenectady~Schenectady
ambitiousness's~de arrivisme
troth~serment
backwash~remous
lullabies~berceuses
haymow~haymow
RNA's~des ARN
pacifier's~sucette de
ratatouille's~ratatouille de
sparkled~étincelait
perigee~périgée
moose's~orignaux de
bunker's~bunker de
Nevsky's~Nevsky de
plutocracy's~de ploutocratie
pita's~pita de
blanking~découpage
nascence~nascence
consanguineous~consanguin
unwarier~unwarier
memorabilia~souvenirs
sonar's~sonar de
commerce~Commerce
pump's~pompe de
thunderstorm~orage
cornflakes~cornflakes
former~former
ploughed~labouré
Eurasia's~Eurasia de
complicit~complice
nightlong~nightlong
placentas~placentas
Eratosthenes~Eratosthène
commencement's~début de
hippo's~hippopotames de
American~américain
bathers~baigneurs
Czechoslovakian~tchécoslovaque
cob's~torchis de
thoroughfares~voies de circulation
Thanksgiving's~Thanksgiving
whelm~Submersion
composting~compostage
disproves~disproves
iPad~iPad
mathematical~mathématique
shape~forme
sprays~sprays
humiliation~humiliation
forgo~forgo
Cameroon~Cameroun
actor's~acteurs
wealth~richesse
Mujib~Mujib
xxxvi~XXXVI
Capulet~Capulet
Calvin~Calvin
degeneration's~degeneration's
distends~distends
gazumping~gazumping
plea's~plaidoyers
verbally~verbalement
Acton~Agir sur
ornery~méchant
Spenser~Spenser
hatpin~épingle à chapeau
ambulance~ambulance
trashed~saccagé
eking~eking
gainsayer's~gainsayer's
heartbeat's~pulsations cardiaques
mopeds~cyclomoteurs
signaller~aiguilleur
hijacker~pirate de l'air
lumbar~lombaire
Basho~basho
gurney's~gurney's
guillotine's~guillotine's
tripartite~tripartite
bleariness~bleariness
cotyledons~cotyledons
North~Nord
stores~magasins
intrigued~intrigués
basely~bassement
bucolic's~bucoliques
moped~vélomoteur
Popper~Popper
parliamentarian's~Années parlementaires
flamings~flamings
straggles~straggles
recommence~recommencera
compiles~compiles
tin's~boites de conserves
smocked~smockée
joviality's~de jovialité
practitioner's~les praticiens
punned~punned
harbouring~harbouring
mealtime~repas
cajoler~cajoleur
byre~étable
antrum~antrum
blanketed~recouvert
organelle's~organite de
tic~tic
toot~siffler
liberators~libérateurs
softball~softball
hemstitch's~de hemstitch
misjudgements~erreurs de jugement
underhanded~sournoise
counterbalance~counterbalance
temperamental~capricieux
uploads~uploads
decorous~decorous
VD~VD
bladder~vessie
steady's~de stable
Baguio's~Baguio de
endocrinology~endocrinology
disciple~disciple
seashore's~bord de mer de
Lepke's~lepke de
drawls~drawls
unresponsiveness's~absence de réponse de
floodplain's~floodplain's
repositories~référentiels
minicams~minicams
deporting~deporting
pulled~tiré
vanilla's~vanille de
sideswiping~en écharpe
impeachers~impeachers
consistent~cohérent
misspelling's~faute d'orthographe de
crestfallen~crestfallen
chanson~chanson
Japanese~Japonais
pavement~chaussée
restricting~restreindre
provisioned~provisionné
demurer~demurer
roundhouse's~Roundhouse de
polarity's~polarité de
cater~répondre
sierra's~Sierra de
divisibility's~divisibility's
teacakes~teacakes
Gray~Gris
brave~courageux
glucagon~glucagon
carbuncular~carbuncular
deconstructions~deconstructions
Kwan~Kwan
naysayer's~négateur de
Zionism's~du sionisme
productively~productive
attrition's~attrition de
intriguers~intrigants
qualities~qualités
expanses~expanses
celebrity's~de célébrité
factotum's~factotum's
punchier~punchy
swipe~swipe
wheels~roues
walkover~victoire facile
limousine~limousine
impassioned~passionné
Bissau~Bissau
refinery~raffinerie
sumac~sumac
injunction's~injonction de
brakeman~freineur
corrugate~corrugate
scalpel's~scalpel de
paving's~de pavage
flimflam's~flimflam's
nonviolent~non violent
canasta's~Années canasta
interior's~L'intérieur de
candlestick~chandelier
selvage~lisière
nonreciprocals~nonreciprocals
oxidisers~comburants
Tokay~tokai
radiated~rayonnée
edgewise~edgewise
Manitoba's~MANITOBA
Forbes's~Forbes de
volume's~son volume
sneakier~sneakier
berkelium's~berkelium de
Darwinisms~Darwinisms
indiscretion's~indiscrétion de
diffracts~diffracts
Saragossa~Saragosse
stegosaurus~stégosaure
frets~frets
carapace's~de carapaces
Corneille~Corneille
mound's~monticule de
pickers~pickers
refreshment's~rafraîchissements
extraction~extraction
calumniates~calomnie
Parks~parcs
herons~hérons
caparison~caparaçon
compound~composé
convicts~convicts
blackheads~comédons
subsurface~sous-sol
talebearers~talebearers
mafiosi~mafiosi
alliances~alliances
princelier~princelier
antonyms~antonymes
lacrosse~lacrosse
Hf~Hf
Oberon's~Oberon de
thereby~ainsi
slappers~slappers
tiddlers~tiddlers
soup's~sOUPE
sprigs~brins
Amritsar~Amritsar
cajoling~cajoleur
ovaries~ovaires
sparely~sparely
paydays~paydays
staph's~de staphylocoque
manhandles~malmène
Foster~Favoriser
dingier~dingier
moral's~morale
ovenproof~adapté pour le four
rebounds~rebonds
philistinism~philistinisme
traitor~traitre
barium's~baryum de
vouchers~pièces justificatives
sacrificial~sacrificiel
romping~batifoler
piratically~par des pirates
Bollywood~Bollywood
dresses~dresses
RDA~RDA
Elise~Elise
greenbelts~greenbelts
rooking~rooking
lifers~condamnés à perpétuité
grumpy~grumpy
watch's~montre
remunerative~rémunérateur
ninepins's~Années quilles
dissemblance~dissemblance
highness's~de altesse
scalping~scalper
finalises~finalises
nervier~nervier
Dortmund's~années Dortmund
imbroglio's~imbroglio de
modernising~modernisateur
Australasia~Australie
barking~aboiement
colonnades~colonnades
nothing's~rien est
assimilates~assimilas
somnambulists~somnambules
diffraction's~diffraction's
Welshmen~Welshmen
Johnnie~Johnnie
innumerable~innombrable
whiteys~whiteys
forewarning~forewarning
belayed~moulinette
journeyman's~journeyman de
marvelling~émerveillant
polysyllabic~polysyllabique
ravisher's~ravisher de
Jorge's~de Jorge
prenatally~prénatalement
Ginsburg's~Ginsburg de
transitional~de transition
Toynbee's~Toynbee
federalist's~federalist's
Baotou~Baotou
Kent's~Kent de
tactless~peu délicat
Martial~Martial
mandala~mandala
apiary~rucher
temptation's~la tentation de
snazzily~snazzily
PLO's~OLP de
Minnelli~Minnelli
sawhorse's~Années Sawhorse
whatsit~Qu'est ce que c'est
allays~allays
pandemic~pandémie
penitent~pénitent
Mapplethorpe~Mapplethorpe
misapprehended~mal interprété
infertility~infertilité
headers~têtes
heartbreak's~de déchirements
evaders~evaders
curlews~curlews
crosschecking~crosschecking
Paleolithic's~Paléolithique de
postmarking~oblitération
Arctic's~Arctique de
exercise's~exercise's
dispensary~dispensary
gymnosperms~gymnosperms
outflank~déborder
redbreasts~rouges-gorges
evasion's~evasion's
whimsicality~caractère curieux
espy~espy
polish's~pOLONAISE
thorax~thorax
folksinger~folksinger
townhouse's~maison de
doom's~doom's
reduces~réduit
legitimises~légitimise
aspiring~en herbe
cruddiest~cruddiest
reboots~redémarrages
choosiness~choosiness
Brigitte's~Brigitte
Doppler's~Doppler de
wateriness~aquosité
happenstance's~happenstance's
whiling~whiling
Satanism~satanisme
moue's~moue de
hadn't~hadn't
subscript's~années en indice
sternum's~sternum de
pocketfuls~poches pleines
workaholic's~bourreau de travail de
raffled~tirés au sort
trapdoors~trapdoors
asperity~aspérité
hobble~entraver
chalk's~Années craie
whereas~tandis que
mullah's~mollah de
summary's~résumé du
suit~costume
sheepherders~bergers
lather's~de mousser
Choctaw's~Choctaw de
sexuality's~sexualité
scarier~effrayant
cry~cry
blower~ventilateur
Wrigley's~Wrigley
obsoleted~obsoleted
flagrance~flagrance
whopped~whopped
lodges~lodges
cottage~cottage
strum's~Strum de
Earnest's~Earnest de
heartened~réconforté
jerrycan~jerrycan
triter~triter
contingently~contingently
terrarium~terrariums
chisels~burins
bookshelf's~bibliothèque de
tattooist~tatoueur
misconducts~inconduites
Braddock's~Braddock de
freshened~freshened
Smithsonian~Smithsonian
crispness's~crispness's
Castries~Castries
blimpish~blimpish
squashier~squashier
tungsten's~tungstène de
bu~bu
discording~discording
anteater's~fourmilier de
Hamlet's~Hamlet
hairdryer's~hairdryer's
scatterbrained~écervelé
refractive~réfringent
ravines~ravins
homogenising~homogénéisant
fridge~fridge
offhandedness's~de désinvolture
pekingese's~Années Pékinois
Lanai~véranda
rottenness~pourriture
comprehend~comprendre
hydrogenates~hydrogénats
rightist~homme de droite
dissonance~dissonance
Peary~Peary
lankiest~lankiest
intrusions~intrusions
hourglasses~sabliers
ostler~valet d'écurie
energise~energise
brawl~bagarre
tittles~tittles
hydrophones~hydrophones
Max's~max de
typewriter's~machine à écrire de
urbaner~Urbaner
playing~en jouant
eligibility's~eligibility's
intervention's~interventions
guppy's~guppy's
sicker~plus malade
dissemble~dissemble
sulphates~sulfates
omnipresence's~de ubiquité
ATP~ATP
seam~couture
crosspiece's~crosspiece's
detaining~detaining
discovering~discovering
platy's~lamellaires de
bracketing~bracketing
enfold~enfold
soupy~soupy
pluralist~pluraliste
invaders~envahisseurs
tranquillity~tranquillité
outerwear's~vêtements d'extérieur
visitor~visiteur
grenadier~grenadier
anyhow~de toute façon
outlandishness's~de outlandishness
alacrity~empressement
pooping~pooping
sniff~renifler
obliquity~obliquité
roaming~roaming
protein~protéine
current~current
toy~jouet
die~die
Aquinas~Thomas d'Aquin
undertow's~de undertow
pistol's~pistolet de
antic's~bouffonneries
covets~covets
advisability~opportunité
Dropbox's~Dropbox de
shelled~égrené
admittance's~l'admission de
Godzilla~Godzilla
viscus~viscère
cracked~cracked
footraces~footraces
leaderships~leaderships
Khoikhoi~Khoikhoi
ushering~inaugurant
lye's~lye de
bullshitters~bullshitters
BLT~BLT
Calvinist~calviniste
wearies~lasse
canebrake's~Années Canebrake
receive~recevoir
Earnestine~Earnestine
coolant's~coolant's
boundlessly~infiniment
innards~entrailles
hearkening~Entendant
landmass's~masse terrestre
tutor~tuteur
trashier~trash
outranked~devancé
adverbial~adverbial
interpolation~interpolation
chunking~chunking
stretcher's~civière de
acumen's~sens aigu de
dwarf~dwarf
airbuses~aérobus
absurdist~absurdist
Bridgette~Bridgette
examiner~examiner
sates~assouvit
Charley's~Charley
pores~pores
automaton~automate
Nehru's~Nehru années
naves~nefs
studbook~stud-book
seaport~port de mer
sleet's~grésil de
pact's~pacte de
balloting~scrutin
caldera's~caldeira de
subway's~métro de
progressive's~progressive de
straightedge~straightedge
lubricators~graisseurs
Fijians~Fidjiens
interrogating~interroger
desiccants~desiccants
tinware's~ferblanterie de
dueller~dueller
wheeziness's~wheeziness de
shrimpers~crevettiers
mandible~mandibule
humiliatingly~humiliatingly
Kwakiutl~Kwakiutl
UPI's~UPI de
Leviticus~Lévitique
Venus's~Venus de
colourlessness's~grisaille de
defogger's~defogger's
Hutu~Hutu
trekking~trekking
lumpiest~lumpiest
respelling~respelling
viscid~visqueux
slovenly~négligé
stonier~caillouteux
noggin's~Années caboche
commenced~commencé
Freddy's~Freddy
redrawing~redessiner
ontological~ontologique
rifleman's~de carabinier
nicker's~hennissement de
waning~déclin
unsegmented~unsegmented
cabal~cabale
indigenous~indigène
resources~Ressources
retrogressing~rétrogradant
agitator~agitateur
sharpies~Sharples
Peck's~Peck
radiophones~radiotéléphones
defaulter's~defaulter's
hidebound~rigide
eccentric~eccentric
deprave~deprave
chocs~Chocs
earthwork~earthwork
overvaluations~surévaluations
ghostwrote~ghostwrote
blowier~blowier
TeXes~Semence
buffalo's~bufflonnes
Rosalind~Rosalind
cohered~cohered
Cuba~Cuba
impressionism~impressionnisme
could~could
fearing~fearing
garrisons~garrisons
headset~casque à écouteurs
Tinkertoy~Tinkertoy
rebounding~rebondissant
chunters~chunters
aired~a été diffusé
pinkness's~pinkness de
Christi's~Années Christi
sundresses~sundresses
strapping's~de cerclage
enjoins~enjoins
amigos~amigos
metabolism~métabolisme
dilapidation's~dilapidation's
kidnapper's~ravisseur de
Ragnarok~Ragnarok
Winchester's~Winchester de
postboxes~boîtes aux lettres
Noah's~Noé
worthiness's~solvabilité de
honeycombed~alvéolé
quadrennium's~quadriennale de
meridians~méridiens
Bruneians~Brunéiens
spacecraft's~vaisseau spatial de
security's~la sécurité de
w~w
synapses~synapses
foundered~foundered
Quentin's~de Quentin
polymerised~polymérisée
jerrycans~jerrycans
Doubleday's~Doubleday de
understandably~compréhensible
Handel's~Handel
Siberian~sibérien
pluvial~pluvial
references~les références
pastureland's~Années pâturages
knapsack~sac à dos
industrialised~industriel
Anselm's~Anselme
steelworks's~Années acierie
computations~calculs
starfish~étoile de mer
Tripoli's~Tripoli de
overlooked~négligé
intellectually~intellectuellement
bollard~bollard
rutabagas~rutabagas
hostess~hôtesse
burial~enterrement
economiser's~economiser's
tularemia's~de tularémie
hellish~atroce
diplomatically~diplomatically
manufacturers~fabricants
guideline's~guideline's
hollow's~de creux
smartphone's~smartphone
trend's~les tendances
papists~papistes
enablers~enablers
amethyst~améthyste
pollster~sondeur
arroyos~arroyos
jewelled~pierreries
rungs~échelons
circuitously~circuitously
cayenne's~cayenne de
brightener~azurant
hypoallergenic~hypoallergénique
itchiest~itchiest
Jared~Jared
hesitated~hésita
Gilgamesh's~Gilgamesh de
Kirchhoff's~Kirchhoff de
authorial~authorial
girlfriend~girlfriend
seductive~séduisant
voter's~électeur de
fixings~fixings
incalculably~incalculablement
narratives~récits
regulators~régulateurs
doomster~doomster
stroppily~stroppily
alembic's~alambic de
androids~androïdes
pipelines~pipelines
plebeians~plébéiens
revulsion's~de révulsion
weeks~semaines
therapeutic~thérapeutique
overmastered~overmastered
puffin's~macareux de
ladders~échelles
condenser~condenseur
unfits~disqualifie
golds~golds
inoculate~inoculer
falsifiable~falsifiable
abbey's~abbaye
mammary~mammaire
argumentatively~argumentatively
coastlines~littoraux
corrupter~corrupter
dramatists~dramatists
poke's~Poke de
strawberry~fraise
inclination~inclination
Powell~Powell
toggle~basculer
overemphasise~trop insister sur
headstrong~têtu
sightseers~excursionnistes
piecrusts~piecrusts
regulative~regulative
gopher~gopher
overburdening~surchargeant
Matisse's~Matisse
numbness's~engourdissement de
ratifies~ratifiera
catbirds~catbirds
constitutionality's~constitutionnalité de
bushing~bague
wordiness's~de verbosité
magnified~agrandie
phys~phys
abashed~confus
sowers~semeurs
electroencephalogram~electroencephalogram
Crimea's~Crimée de
hardiness~hardiness
rooting~enracinement
absurder~plus absurde
fascia~fascia
Randall's~Randall
PARCs~Parcs
shoe~chaussure
squadrons~escadrons
accrued~cumulé
walkouts~débrayages
openwork's~Années ajourées
Izod~Izod
Tina's~Tina
ukuleles~ukulélés
paramedic's~ambulancier de
ow~OW
sportswriter~sportswriter
drone's~drone's
Macias's~Années Macias
cyberspace's~cyberspace's
Eunice~Eunice
teleconference~téléconférence
affront's~affront de
hatcheries~écloseries
etiological~etiological
overjoying~overjoying
Tonga's~TONGA
protectively~protectivement
McGuire's~McGuire
sputum's~crachats de
cokes~cokes
pirouette's~pirouette de
conspiring~conspirer
Sudanese's~Soudanais de
padre~padre
cheers~à votre santé
turnbuckle~ridoir
heckler's~Heckler de
praseodymium's~praséodyme de
oilfield~gisement de pétrole
Cancun~Cancun
cravat's~cravat's
typhoid~typhoïde
ingraining~ingraining
uninstaller's~désinstalleur de
bussed~transportés par autobus
Shepherd's~Bergers
Sanka's~Sanka de
cowrie~cowrie
planting~plantation
cays~cayes
belief~croyance
dustless~dustless
whetted~whetted
cloudbursts~trombes d'eau
shark~requin
traditionally~traditionnellement
whizz~sifflement
Schubert's~Schubert
Seinfeld's~Seinfeld de
renunciation's~le renoncement de
remorseful~plein de remords
flex's~flex's
Pasadena~Pasadena
floweriest~floweriest
scorpions~scorpions
Boadicea~Boadicée
boozers~ivrognes
wriggle's~tortiller de
HTTP~HTTP
Canaveral's~canaveral de
Phoenician's~phénicienne de
treasurer's~trésorier de
hydrocarbons~des hydrocarbures
refashioning~refaçonner
Lauren's~années Lauren
Vlad~Vlad
smidgen's~smidgen de
sack~sac
mourners~personnes en deuil
times~fois
conchies~conchies
breathes~souffles
Ypres's~années Ypres
unsympathetic~antipathique
brocade's~brocart de
Wolf~Loup
tamarack~Tamarack
Dayton~Dayton
devises~devises
Saundra~Saundra
powwowed~powwowed
Barlow's~Barlow
vanilla~vanille
linkup's~Années LinkUp
vacationing~vacances
screenings~projections
occurrence's~occurrence de
queers~queers
Unukalhai~Unukalhai
tatterdemalions~loqueteux
gauntest~gauntest
curettage's~curettage's
digressing~digressing
category~Catégorie
segue~segue
bedaubs~bedaubs
forgiven~forgiven
ministered~exercé son ministère
music~la musique
conjecture~conjecture
Ball~Ballon
Hippocratic's~hippocratique de
kidded~mis bas
clump~touffe
existential~existential
Btu~Btu
suspend~suspendre
throttle's~accélérateur de
Newport's~Newport de
gale~gale
rectifiers~redresseurs
ancestress~aïeule
Godel~Godel
participles~participes
bending~pliant
monochromes~camaïeux
gibbeted~gibbeted
prettily~joliment
intestacy~intestat
misconduct's~faute de
Hellespont~Hellespont
Kongo~Kongo
chitterlings's~Années andouilles
Marks~Des notes
marten's~martre de
technocracies~technocraties
coworkers~coworkers
Rubin~Insister sur
sidewalks~trottoirs
Culbertson~Culbertson
ventilators~ventilateurs
prejudging~préjugeant
pitchforked~pitchforked
philandering~donjuanisme
manhood's~virilité de
schoolmistress~institutrice
butters~beurres
furtiveness's~furtiveness's
situates~situe
blowgun~sarbacane
parried~parés
goons~goons
samba~samba
creation~creation
Brenton's~Brenton de
upsilon's~Upsilon de
pungent~âcre
Khrushchev's~Khrouchtchev
mafia~mafia
boxer's~boxeurs
stales~stales
knave's~fripon de
shallowness's~de superficialité
memorability~mémorabilité
pillions~Sièges arrière
instantiate~instancier
Romanesque~roman
homepages~Page d'accueil
handwritten~handwritten
cowling's~cowling's
Lelia~Lelia
gerontologists~gerontologists
amen~Amen
Aaron~Aaron
cardio~cardio
Knossos~Knossos
badgers~blaireaux
CEO's~PDG
Heifetz~Heifetz
gynaecologic~gynaecologic
innocuousness~innocuité
hustler's~Hustler
saunters~saunters
extortionately~extortionately
buff's~de buff
Case's~MALLETE
etching's~etching's
Jap~jap
present's~Présentons
sail's~sAIL
motorcycles~motocyclettes
energised~energised
negotiable~négociable
arms~bras
comperes~Comperes
careerist~carriériste
haymows~haymows
strainer's~tamis de
emitter~emitter
belch~roter
scamp's~de polisson
yob~loubard
blowsier~blowsier
claptrap's~de baratin
menses~règles
quantifiers~quantificateurs
lessened~amoindri
peacemakers~artisans de paix
box's~boîte de
bureau~bureau
scoffed~moquaient
billions~des milliards
sharpening~affûtage
watermarking~watermarking
ranginess~ranginess
disestablishing~disestablishing
trucks~camions
continuation~continuation
misshapes~Misshapes
giver~giver
cries~cries
grips~grips
blower's~ventilateur de
bareness's~bareness de
innkeepers~aubergistes
congressman~membre du Congrès
pager~pager
genteel~genteel
leitmotifs~leitmotivs
edginess's~edginess's
huskies~huskies
womanising~coureur de jupons
shrillness~stridence
danger~danger
playgrounds~cours de récréation
unobjectionable~unobjectionable
bactericidal~bactéricide
jct~jct
hyperglycemia's~de l'hyperglycémie
Campos~Campos
bantamweights~bantamweights
universalises~universalise
politicking's~de la politique politicienne
steersmen~timoniers
Johannes's~Johannes de
schmuck's~schmuck de
suffocation's~de suffocation
lakefronts~bord de lac
Asquith's~Asquith de
dater~dater
gasped~gasped
inauthentic~inauthentique
robocall's~Années robocall
bailsmen~bailsmen
Barbary's~Barbary de
armchair~fauteuil
distinguishing~distinguishing
jangling~cliquetis
glaucoma's~glaucoma's
reediting~rééditant
cawing~croassement
faggoting~faggoting
descendent~descendent
humanness~humanité
prod~poussée
reticence~réticence
pedlar's~colporteur de
carbonate~carbonate
spearfish's~Années Spearfish
Kyle~Kyle
riv~RIV
tepidity's~de tiédeur
handymen~handymen
racism~racisme
wintertime~hiver
temblor's~de temblor
fusspots~fusspots
signalised~signala
maidens~pucelles
spills~déversements
puked~puked
latticed~latticed
Creek~Ruisseau
tonier~tonier
Va's~VA
questionings~remises en cause
batsman~batteur
illegal~illégal
tediously~fastidieusement
counteroffers~counteroffers
crucifixions~crucifixions
Debra~Debra
varmint's~varmint de
Blondel's~Blondel
Trinidadian~trinidadien
bicentenary's~de bicentenaires
pecan~noix de pécan
exemplification~exemplification
invalidism's~de l'invalidité
parabolic~parabolique
browbeating~intimidant
subvention~subvention
plausible~plausible
snooze~roupillon
chardonnay's~chardonnay de
purr's~Années ronronnement
miffed~vexé
somnambulism's~de somnambulisme
rationalist's~de rationaliste
cockiness~suffisance
ACLU's~ACLU de
Dannie~Dannie
hegemony's~l'hégémonie de
befuddling~befuddling
frontispieces~frontispieces
denouncement~denouncement
Araucanian's~Années araucanienne
debasements~debasements
sonatinas~sonatines
distributively~distributively
notwork~Notwork
compassion's~de la compassion
ghettoise~ghettoise
pagoda~pagode
elevator~elevator
pittas~Pittas
housemothers~housemothers
Alvarez~Alvarez
technician's~technicien de
juicy~juteux
decisiveness~decisiveness
rudiments~rudiments
rennin's~rénine de
Brigham's~Brigham de
weakest~la plus faible
surmount~surmonter
steelyard's~peson de
foresting~foresting
BitTorrent~BitTorrent
inveigle~entraîner par la flatterie
recomposed~recomposés
monocotyledon's~monocotylédones de
Slashdot~Slashdot
cirrus's~cirrus de
twentieth's~vingtième de
freebooter~freebooter
apostate's~apostat de
abstinence~abstinence
flourished~flourished
gantries~gantries
limb~membre
suborns~suborns
faffed~faffed
uncorrected~non corrigé
rampantly~rampantly
suffragettes~suffragettes
stranding~échouage
Jed~Jed
coalface~coalface
Uzbekistan~Ouzbékistan
brains~cerveaux
truanting~l'école buissonnière
GNP's~le PNB
Gardner's~Gardner
orientation~orientation
bliss's~le bonheur de
dorky~dorky
petite's~petite de
rowelling~rowelling
variants~variantes
wastebaskets~wastebaskets
quoin's~quoin de
integuments~téguments
antiaircraft~antiaérien
capitalising~capitalisant
sidearm~sidearm
cerebration~cogitation
Prague~Prague
bloomed~épanouie
obviously~évidemment
Sahel~Sahel
cemetery~cimetière
train's~les trains
interfere~interférer
Dangerfield~Dangerfield
hardens~hardens
Dobbin~Dobbin
blamer~blamer
Acrux~Acrux
goodlier~goodlier
outworks~ouvrages extérieurs
spotlighted~en lumière
bey~bey
wolfhounds~lévriers
sorrowed~chagriné
expropriate~expropriate
PCP's~PCP de
syllabus's~années syllabus
Dewey's~Dewey
decide~decide
rhinoviruses~rhinovirus
reexamination's~de nouvel examen
gallons~gallons
exuded~exuded
monocotyledon~monocotylédones
forgiveness~forgiveness
joyfully~avec joie
swineherd~porcher
overlong~très long
dismissively~dismissively
putrefies~putréfie
Pharisee's~pharisien de
Meghan~Meghan
hickories~caryers
Adar~Adar
Aquila~Aquila
palavers~palabres
burro's~Années burro
homeliest~homeliest
tiresome~fatigant
recklessness's~de l'insouciance
dextrose~dextrose
demurs~demurs
bauxite~bauxite
desperately~desperately
Minn~Minnesota
tailwind's~de vent arrière
blew~fait sauter
Ephraim~Ephraim
unsuitably~non appropriée
concocted~concocté
oriented~orienté
BS's~BS de
ligate~ligaturer
sapsucker's~de sapsucker
exerting~exerting
chainsaws~tronçonneuses
parents~Parents
peasantry~paysannerie
rest~du repos
abdomen's~abdomen de
Thurber~Thurber
Mason~le maçon
longed~tant désiré
parimutuel~pari mutuel
interlude's~intermède de
subject~assujettir
caraways~caraways
shuttlecock~volant
composition's~composition de
confuses~embrouille
louvres~Louvres
Trudeau's~Trudeau
retrieves~récupère
wilier~Wilier
Kettering~Kettering
Midland~Midland
mergansers~harles
overpowers~subjuguant
collectivist's~collectiviste de
Taney's~Taney de
mileage's~kilométrage de
promissory~promissory
pensive~pensif
hospitalisation~hospitalisation
creaked~creaked
paramount~primordial
athletes~les athlètes
coopers~coopers
classical's~de classique
dropout~dropout
unhelpful~peu serviable
minnows~vairons
semi~semi
Karina's~Karina
subsidiser~pourvoyeur de subventions
clay~argile
Nickolas~Nickolas
discreditably~discreditably
Virgo's~Virgo
shunts~shunts
endemics~endemics
displayed~displayed
flouter's~flouter's
Boccaccio's~Boccace
clemently~clemently
caravansary~caravansérail
regurgitation~régurgitation
crooner~crooner
quadrant's~quart de cercle
quip's~boutade de
Kuomintang~Kuomintang
Welshman's~Welshman de
audios~Audios
pulchritudinous~pulchritudinous
rollover's~renversement de
cider~Cidre
missals~missels
genned~genned
ragouts~ragoûts
frizzled~frizzled
gems~gems
cannon's~canon de
scrummage~scrummage
mustered~rassemblé
cadet~cadet
aeries~AERIES
email~email
strap~sangle
Lethe's~Léthé de
dissociated~dissociated
intermingle~mélanger
sledding~traineaux
Provo~Provo
inaction~inaction
chamber~chambre
traumatise~traumatiser
inexpensively~à peu de frais
ABMs~guichets automatiques
aesthete's~esthète de
Audubon~audubon
blindness's~de la cécité
permeates~infiltre
skirts~jupes
unwonted~inaccoutumée
disjuncture~disjuncture
obsequy~obsequy
Hannah's~Hannah
Oz~oz
slewing~orientation
ornamentation~ornementation
decompressing~decompressing
bath's~thermes
conformations~conformations
Doberman~Doberman
asynchronous~asynchrone
undeserving~ne mérite pas
Josephs~Josephs
bravura's~morceau de bravoure de
overact~charger son rôle
hitting~frappe
Mosaic's~La mosaïque
forest~forest
juiciest~juiciest
Calais's~Calais de
losing~perdant
Becquerel's~Becquerel de
sabbaths~sabbats
nosing~rebord
dadaism's~dadaism's
decorators~decorators
momentously~momentously
flank~flank
Joy's~Joy de
curfew's~curfew's
rings~anneaux
newels~pilastres
Flores's~Flores années
yardstick~critère
reprehension~répréhension
comparative's~de comparaison
Norberto's~Norberto de
pleasantries~civilités
buzz's~buzz de
ankh~ankh
descendant~descendant
overlap's~chevauchement de
puerility~puérilité
thinness~minceur
boated~boated
sleeking~sleeking
rumbaed~rumbaed
Donizetti's~Donizetti
kitting~kitting
vises~étaux
botches~bâcle
catchword's~de catchword
reconstructed~reconstruit
Pinochet's~Pinochet
espouse~espouse
defections~defections
Orientalism~orientalisme
immobiliser~antidémarrage
weeders~sarcleuses
revisited~revisité
oedipal~œdipienne
basics~notions de base
mortification~mortification
shiftlessness's~de shiftlessness
managerial~en gestion
walks~des promenades
comber's~Comber de
interlocks~verrouillages
Clayton's~Clayton de
knightly~chevaleresque
forgiver~forgiver
gauze~gauze
Zukor~Zukor
appointing~nomination
respecter's~de respecter Les
Klondike's~Klondike de
recording's~enregistrement de
comicality's~comicalité de
encompassed~encompassed
paddocked~paddocked
misinterpreting~une mauvaise interprétation
noneducational~non académiques
characterisations~caractérisations
musing's~de rêveuse
Lauri~Lauri
redress's~de réparation
damasking~damasking
initialisation~initialisation
surreptitiously~subrepticement
crystal's~crystal's
letdown~laisser tomber
cantaloupe~cantaloup
agar~gélose
thumps~thumps
apt~apte
pertussis~coqueluche
ease's~ease's
underclothes~sous-vêtements
sleeks~sleeks
Steinem's~Steinem de
concussing~concussing
vandalised~vandalisé
cremains's~cremains's
markka's~markka de
L'Ouverture's~Louverture de
clinicians~cliniciens
multiplexed~multiplexé
Wade's~Wade
Nibelung's~Nibelung de
Alfonso's~Alfonso de
tunnelled~tunnelled
satirical~satirique
fatally~fatally
disbelief's~disbelief's
unfortified~non fortifié
majordomo's~majordome de
abstentions~abstentions
Seward~Seward
Kuznetsk~Kuznetsk
Seine~Seine
castellated~crénelé
Nigerian~Nigeria
abash~rendre confus
doodads~doodads
complacence~complaisance
gabbed~gabbed
gridlock's~gridlock's
rooster's~coq de
crab's~crab's
Sinkiang~Sinkiang
Sade's~Sade
hanks~hanks
depreciating~depreciating
universalising~universalisante
severeness~degré de sévérité
darkens~darkens
hit's~les coups
dissent~dissent
stucco~stuc
saintly~saint
seeped~infiltrée
Lakisha~Lakisha
bobble's~pompon de
unites~Unites
Irtish~Irtyche
compiled~compilé
Asian~asiatique
timetable~calendrier
Chaitanya's~Chaitanya de
pubs~pubs
southwester~suroît
innovator~innovateur
Purcell's~Purcell
grimmest~grimmest
obdurate~inflexible
paling's~pâlissant de
Hawaii's~Hawaï
kidnappers~kidnappeurs
Edda's~Edda de
bellyful~ventre plein
exploitative~exploitative
ordeal~supplice
purple~violet
situation~situation
bactericide's~bactéricides de
veteran~vétéran
torpedo's~torpille de
astute~astucieux
spoilsport's~Années Spoilsport
carolled~carolled
oceanographers~océanographes
episode's~episode's
Uighur's~ouïghoure de
perkily~perkily
Amish~Amish
thermometer~thermomètre
Beatrice's~Béatrice de
soother~calmant
piercing's~de perçage
Pechora~Pechora
limp~boiter
smashup's~smashup de
monotony's~monotonie de
Rather~Plutôt
denuded~denuded
Manfred~Manfred
Boris~Boris
sportswoman's~de sportswoman
librarian's~bibliothécaire de
hasp~moraillon
funniest~funniest
pailfuls~seaux
fended~fended
Salinger's~Salinger
blabbed~bavardé
countermands~countermands
equine~equine
chloroformed~chloroformé
ailment~maladie
pain~douleur
Stradivarius~stradivarius
sump's~carter de ce
canaries~canaries
crankshaft~crankshaft
tiles~carrelage
dawdler's~dawdler's
disgrace~disgrace
competitions~compétitions
snogging~snogging
photograph~photographier
pwning~pwning
flabbiest~flabbiest
populist's~populiste de
Shaker~Shaker
pavilion~pavillon
withdrawals~retraits
pustules~pustules
familiar's~familiar's
axes~axes
recrystallised~recristallise
sluggers~cogneurs
collegian~étudiant de collège
Blockbuster~Superproduction
Marcie~Marcie
stitchery's~stitchery de
ionising~ionisant
Haney~Haney
riyals~riyals
bishopric's~Evêché de
traduced~calomnié
nasally~par voie nasale
Longfellow's~Longfellow
autocrat~autocrate
panegyric's~de panégyrique
feigning~feigning
chintz's~chintz de
amnesia's~l'amnésie de
Volta~Volta
straighteners~lisseur
octagons~octogones
loitered~flânaient
heterogeneously~hétérogène
communists~communistes
disorders~disorders
confessions~aveux
pointblank~pointblank
bubbly's~bouillonne de
cohorts~cohortes
siege~siège
skittishly~skittishly
conurbation's~conurbation's
defective~defective
emplacement~emplacement
sawed~scié
weedless~Weedless
excoriations~excoriations
crueller~crueller
compromises~compromis
transships~transborde
paramedics~paramédicaux
ill's~est malade
dishtowel~dishtowel
Colorado~Colorado
uncloaked~voilés
biosphere's~biosphère de
drier's~drier's
bps~points de base
scaring~effrayant
prosciutto's~de jambon cru
ethnically~ethnically
mimeographs~polycopies
obstetricians~Obstétriciens
keynoter~keynoter
croplands~croplands
involves~implique
outputting~délivrer en sortie
benevolence's~la bienveillance de
medallion~médaillon
Domitian's~Domitien
bracket~support
begrime~polluer
beholden~redevable
office~Bureau
enjoyments~enjoyments
teaspoonful~cuillerée à café
burgundy's~bourgogne à
sprier~sprier
shabbiest~miteux
oblation~oblation
friedcake~friedcake
soused~imbibé
snorkelers~snorkelers
knowingly~sciemment
micron~micron
byproduct~sous-produit
glazing~glazing
nonage~minorité
amphibian~amphibie
bulimics~boulimiques
Earp's~Earp de
recommending~recommandant
Madras's~Madras de
occlusive~occlusive
solidus~solidus
goldbrickers~goldbrickers
scrag~collet de mouton
priory~prieuré
deletes~deletes
derided~derided
nondescript~quelconque
surrendered~rendu
Lakisha's~Lakisha de
trestle's~de tréteaux
evaporator~evaporator
crumbing~crumbing
Merak's~Merak de
Grotius's~Grotius de
vamps~vamps
Prometheus's~Prométhée
electrician~electrician
restitching~recoudre
scants~scants
consultancy~consultancy
peacetime's~en temps de paix de
innocuous~inoffensif
cheekiness~cheekiness
Tartary~Tartarie
Cooley~Cooley
rescheduled~reprogrammé
spittoon's~crachoir de
instances~instances
viceroy's~de Viceroy
nonpoisonous~nonpoisonous
receptacle~réceptacle
infusion~infusion
ideally~idéalement
bust's~buste de
pleb~prolo
gavel~gavel
converts~converts
countersink's~countersink's
refreezes~recongèle
knockouts~knock-out
dandy~dandy
twittering~gazouillement
preexistence~préexistence
anent~anent
unpeeled~non pelées
sweating~transpiration
centrism's~de centrisme
dilute~dilute
elegy~elegy
Walpole~Walpole
mushroom's~champignons
exes~exes
panderers~proxénètes
savoys~Savoie
earring's~earring's
bemires~bemires
snorkeling's~de la plongée en apnée
domineers~domineers
Western~Occidental
Leakey~Leakey
quadriplegic~quadriplégique
device~device
inched~ont légèrement
albuminous~albumineux
Robyn~Robyn
skintight~peau tendue
tempering~trempe
arbitragers~arbitragistes
effed~effed
presentment's~de présentation
variant~une variante
iodised~iodée
Acosta's~Acosta
discombobulated~discombobulated
malocclusion~malocclusion
intone~entonner
D~ré
amenity's~équipement de
Poppins's~Années Poppins
borough's~aRRONDISSEMENT
stringer's~Intermittent de
specification~spécification
cabinets~armoires
granddaddy's~granddaddy's
vituperated~vitupéré
pedalos~pedalos
doghouse's~doghouse's
which~lequel
splendours~magnificences
canvass~solliciter
firescreen~firescreen
feasters~feasters
rebukingly~rebukingly
institutionalised~institutionnalisée
Stolichnaya's~Stolichnaya de
disclaiming~disclaiming
interweave~entremêler
Fuzzbuster~Fuzzbuster
upticks~upticks
jonquils~jonquille
silts~silts
poplars~peupliers
unconditionally~sans conditions
agoraphobic's~de agoraphobe
great~great
eyestrain~eyestrain
maternally~maternellement
captivator~Captivator
mulcted~mulcted
nonetheless~toutefois
billionaire~milliardaire
intenser~plus intense
acculturation~acculturation
gashing~gashing
maven's~Années Maven
subspecies's~de sous-espèces
breakable~cassable
nonfunctional~non fonctionnel
triggers~déclencheurs
Stephan~Stephan
depending~depending
Bavaria~Bavière
crankily~crankily
linting~peluchage
unanimously~à l'unanimité
misrules~misrules
nontenured~non permanent
adulation~adulation
disaffected~disaffected
ruse's~ruse de
Betelgeuse~Bételgeuse
underhandedness's~de sournoiserie
skedaddle's~Années Skedaddle
hydras~hydres
Bultmann~Bultmann
anticline's~anticlinal de
squat~s'accroupir
Goodrich's~Goodrich de
bunching~entassement
polemically~polémiquement
software~Logiciel
Epson~Epson
preserve's~conserves
zillion~zillion
fingering's~fingering's
alienation's~l'aliénation de
overthrow~renverser
redecorates~redécore
pharmacologists~pharmacologues
Galapagos's~Galapagos de
them~leur
usurping~usurper
warmly~chaleureusement
villainies~vilenies
lopes~lopes
peacemaker~pacificateur
inanity~ineptie
linesman's~de juge de ligne
psychopathy~psychopathie
Leila~Leila
Polyhymnia~Polymnie
addictive~addictif
immunity's~l'immunité de
nurses~infirmières
Christian~Christian
blankness's~de blankness
aesthetically~esthétiquement
Montague~Montague
dumpiness's~dumpiness's
overrates~surfasse
billboard's~panneau d'affichage de
Goths~Goths
Nottingham's~Nottingham de
faultfinders~faultfinders
collectors~collectionneurs
jilting~lâchages
conservator's~restauratrice de
boldness~audace
sacs~sacs
RV's~RV
Spencerian's~spencérien de
tare~tare
metastasis's~métastases de
apartment's~appartement de
lymphocyte's~lymphocytes de
auxiliaries~auxiliaires
clavichords~clavicordes
fates~fates
crossbreed~crossbreed
movie~film
recovery's~la reprise de
boastfulness's~de vantardise
inextinguishable~inextinguible
tattlers~bavardes
emperor's~emperor's
frontier~frontier
Netscape's~Netscape
automaker's~constructeur automobile
wholeheartedly~de tout cœur
stitching~piqûre
predeceased~précédé dans la tombe
Goodall~Goodall
few's~few's
straightened~redressés
farsighted~farsighted
trunk~tronc
biffing~biffing
Fritz~Fritz
anaesthetised~anesthésiée
pathologically~maladivement
Hungary's~Hongrie de
beating~battement
datum's~datum's
sickened~écœuré
Rutherford~Rutherford
hubcap~enjoliveur
Missy's~Missy
Karla~Karla
silver's~argent de
discreeter~discreeter
smashing~destruction
sludgiest~sludgiest
turgidly~turgidly
Quasimodo's~Quasimodo de
Sjaelland's~Sjaelland de
misstate~misstate
Antares's~Antares de
sisters~sœurs
decathlons~decathlons
ambushing~embuscade
counsellor's~counsellor's
termly~trimestriel
gerontologist's~gerontologist's
shelves~étagères
unbearable~insupportable
trundled~roulait
solve~résoudre
equivocalness's~equivocalness's
dragooning~dragooning
naysayers~défaitistes
chimpanzee~chimpanzé
surgeon's~cHIRURGIEN
grandness's~grandness's
redeems~rachète
seatmate's~de seatmate
delegation's~delegation's
sloths~paresseux
schuss~schuss
drums~drums
dressmaking's~dressmaking's
bobolink~bobolink
gargantuan~gargantuan
reanimates~ranime
clot's~caillot années
littorals~zones littorales
unquieter~unquieter
gladden~gladden
Bermudan~bermudien
robust~robuste
dislocating~dislocating
sentiments~sentiments
longitude's~longitude de
immensity's~immensité de
Meredith's~Meredith
firmness's~firmness's
equalised~equalised
pothole~fondrière
bafflers~bafflers
almoners~enquêtrices
phoenix~phénix
audiences~publics
silted~ensablé
titillation's~de chatouillement
plebby~prolo
imprimatur's~imprimatur de
solderers~soudeuses
gibbon~gibbon
gross's~gross's
oscillated~oscillé
reflection's~réflexion de
speeder~fou de la vitesse
occur~se produire
comforting~réconfortant
expense~expense
moleskin's~moleskine de
slogs~slogs
drubs~drubs
Wanamaker's~Wanamaker de
supernovas~supernovas
defers~defers
griffon~griffon
Hutchinson~Hutchinson
ragbag~ramassis
dryers~dryers
fortunes~fortunes
goatherd~goatherd
brownie's~Brownies
Chateaubriand's~Chateaubriand
Stan~Stan
moaned~gémi
invariable~invariable
Agnew's~Agnew de
uncivilised~sauvage
foreparts~foreparts
joust's~joust de
Novartis~Novartis
captivates~envoûte
hussar~hussard
breastbone's~de bréchet
hobbies~loisirs
modellings~modelages
Eula~CLUF
reconnaissances~reconnaissances
blond~blond
cookie~cookie
maximise~maximiser
Brahman~brahmane
movement's~mouvements
Okeechobee's~Okeechobee de
domesticate~domesticate
analyser's~analyseur de
Jeffry~Jeffry
eff~eff
predatory~prédateur
humankind's~de l'humanité
hairdryer~hairdryer
accouterments's~Années accoutrements
breakaway~se détacher
blustery~de tempête
debriefing's~debriefing's
slough~bourbier
Nestor~Nestor
congesting~congestionner
detectives~detectives
rapacity's~de rapacité
errands~errands
supplemental~additionnel
multiculturalism's~le multiculturalisme de
improprieties~inconvenances
disequilibrium~disequilibrium
maledictions~malédictions
contrariety's~contrariety's
weaknesses~faiblesses
deodorisation~deodorisation
warlord~chef militaire
depressurisation~depressurisation
rudeness's~grossièreté de
commissary's~de commissaire
hunching~courbant
lashes~coups de fouet
Aisha~Aïcha
landscapers~paysagistes
mystery~mystère
disbelief~disbelief
remoulding~remoulage
vaudeville's~vaudeville de
baldest~plus chauve
gastronomes~gastronomes
publishing~édition
Annmarie~annmarie
intact~intact
lusting~convoitant
trespasser~intrus
primitive's~cette primitive
civilised~civilisé
unmissable~à ne pas manquer
austerer~Austerer
bedazzles~bedazzles
inscrutability~impénétrabilité
Quisling's~Quisling de
mutability's~de mutabilité
nanoseconds~nanosecondes
Palmolive's~Palmolive de
Bianca~Bianca
Bolivar's~Bolivar de
frontage's~frontage's
Ahmadabad's~Ahmadabad de
restorative's~réparatrice de
hemstitches~ourlets à jour
chalet~chalet
opprobrium~opprobre
Toto's~toto de
legations~légations
checkup~vérification
restitution's~restitution de
fortissimo~fortissimo
conquerors~conquérants
drowsiness~drowsiness
lilos~lilos
outgo~dépense
jock's~Jock de
afterbirth's~Années Afterbirth
stop's~arrêt de
appropriator~appropriateur
tantrums~crises de colère
Galilean's~galiléen de
Nazi~nazi
wholefoods~aliments entiers
clambers~clambers
Popsicle~popsicle
infelicity~malheur
harasser's~harasser's
productions~productions
embellishments~embellishments
reprieving~accordant un sursis
no's~pas de
notch~entailler
discrimination's~discrimination's
bassinet's~de bassinet
pugs~carlins
decimated~decimated
shielded~blindé
dismounted~dismounted
armload~armload
receipted~acquitté
oarlocks~oarlocks
Finley~Finley
dungeon's~dungeon's
heparin~héparine
Jacobite's~Jacobite de
Ci~Ci
plunders~rapines
disused~disused
sunblocks~sunblocks
isotherm~isotherme
hardcover~hardcover
Hosts~hôtes
seemlier~seemlier
gentlewomen~gentlewomen
inaptness's~inaptness de
NBA~NBA
spatially~dans l'espace
superscript's~superscript de
demonstrator's~demonstrator's
crisscross~crisscross
PBX~PBX
ppr~ppt
solemnises~solemnises
frostbite's~frostbite's
cankers~chancres
continuation's~continuation's
pawnbroker~prêteur
crisps~crisps
Alston~Alston
reinstalled~réinstallées
gauchos~gauchos
enmity's~enmity's
retreat~battre en retraite
Williamson's~Williamson
galling~galling
unfreeze~dégeler
Koppel~Koppel
blooper's~bêtisier de
fervency's~fervency's
sharps~dièses
flexibly~flexibly
faxing~faxing
gigolos~gigolos
biding~Biding
electable~electable
disinterment~disinterment
dinette~dinette
Scaramouch's~Scaramouche de
chime~carillon
fourth's~fourth's
disembowelled~disembowelled
squareness's~de équerrage
knock~frappe
binary~binaire
seismography~sismographie
inflow~afflux
headhunter's~de chasseur de têtes
Serpens~serpens
intrastate~intra-étatiques
aerodrome~aérodrome
Syriac's~syriaque de
emending~emending
dribbler~dribbler
Vistula~Vistula
accumulate~accumuler
peepbo~peepbo
manuring~fumage
waged~menée
Enid's~Enid de
Liza~Liza
ovulating~ovuler
undressing~déshabillement
sketchbooks~sketchbooks
sociably~sociablement
distrusting~distrusting
dominoes~dominoes
moonshiner's~moonshiner de
bowels~intestins
jocose~enjoué
Gk~gk
Freida's~Freida de
pipsqueaks~Pipsqueaks
mint~menthe
rheumatism~rhumatisme
Chanel~Chanel
masculine~masculin
entrepreneurs~entrepreneurs
inconsiderate~inconsidéré
Medea's~Médée
availability's~la disponibilité de
Page's~page de
gyro~gyro
wariness~prudence
matriculation's~de matricule
communion~communion
Josue's~Josue de
bantamweight's~de poids coq
Arron's~Arron de
latterly~récemment
comprehensibly~compréhensible
Elba's~Elba de
scantiest~scantiest
superhighways~superautoroutes
hatefully~haineusement
frappe's~frappe's
rotter~sale type
overexcites~surexcite
wafer's~plaquette de
facing~facing
simulcasting~simulcast
Russian's~Les Russes
troglodyte's~de troglodyte
scumming~efflorescences
claim~prétendre
emporium~emporium
declamatory~declamatory
compunction~scrupule
gentlest~gentlest
asexually~asexuée
facecloths~facecloths
hunters~chasseurs
malocclusion's~de malocclusion
Hopkins~Hopkins
forborne~forborne
quickie's~Quickie de
Valerian~Valériane
comprehended~compris
gale's~gale's
confiscators~confiscators
Rowena~Rowena
toted~toted
Dristan~Dristan
vegetation's~de la végétation
airfields~aérodromes
Rydberg~Rydberg
mossbacks~Mossbacks
executive's~executive's
translator~traducteur
meaningfulness's~de signifiance
jambs~jambages
virginity's~la virginité de
acronym~acronyme
commodiously~commodément
criminology's~criminology's
cleanse~purifier
clampdowns~répressions
shinnying~shinnying
drippier~drippier
rps~rps
Bakersfield~Bakersfield
jumpiest~jumpiest
obstruction's~obstruction de
Elroy~Elroy
bursitis's~Années bursite
soaked~trempé
easing~easing
subjugation~assujettissement
criterion's~criterion's
insolvents~insolvables
longevity's~la longévité de
facetiously~facetiously
rhythmic~rythmique
termites~termites
substantiated~étayée
overruns~dépassements
few~few
petted~caressa
brouhahas~brouhahas
soon~bientôt
atonally~atonally
pigeonhole~casier
ludicrous~ridicule
coyness's~coyness's
pearlier~pearlier
derangement~derangement
gimcrack~gimcrack
silversmith~orfèvre
subcontinental~subcontinental
jet~jet
collapse~effondrer
voracity's~de voracité
linnet's~fauvette de
mignonette's~mignonette de
gotten~gotten
restfulness's~de restfulness
plaster's~de plâtre
Cassiopeia~Cassiopeia
Tevet~Tevet
Afghans~Afghans
coquetry~coquetry
Johannes~Johannes
mongoloid~mongolien
shipment~expédition
turncoat~transfuge
Syracuse's~Syracuse de
islet~îlot
musk's~musc de
homesteading~homesteading
judge's~jUGES
sappiness's~de mièvrerie
dignified~dignified
scamper~trottinement
polyglot~polyglotte
Phillipa~Phillipa
Calvinism's~calvinisme de
sexier~plus sexy
asteroids~astéroïdes
subcontract's~sous-traiter de
epoxying~epoxying
gorgeousness's~gorgeousness's
switchback's~Switchback de
logo~logo
sidemen~Sidemen
Tammy~Tammy
realisation's~réalisation de
armhole's~emmanchure de
gambles~gambles
ipecac~ipéca
Snowbelt~Snowbelt
goals~goals
ethics~ethics
monocled~monocle
cements~ciments
plainness's~de plainness
tackle's~agrès
gusseting~gusseting
stairs~escaliers
outdoorsy~outdoorsy
coin's~pièces de monnaie
rule~Règle
rivulets~ruisselets
Aldo's~Aldo
orbitals~orbitals
Lara's~Lara de
Dushanbe's~Douchanbé de
helper~assistant
touchpapers~touchpapers
bedroll's~Années Bedroll
homogenise~homogénéiser
northeastern~nord-Est
shoulders~épaules
incongruousness~incongruité
sabres~Sabres
veil's~voile de
tartar's~tartare de
telemarketing~télémarketing
Johns~Johns
conductive~conductrice
thinning~amincissement
entrants~entrants
Ionic's~ionique de
discreetly~discreetly
alphabetisation's~alphabetisation de
teetotallers~abstinents
thermostat's~thermostat de
crosscutting~crosscutting
transmission's~transmission de
scroungy~scroungy
driveways~driveways
hostler's~palefrenier de
crapes~crapes
fag~fag
Epimethius~Epimethius
dreamers~dreamers
trod~foulé
paperboy~paperboy
projectile~projectile
oxcart~oxcart
pondered~médité
execrating~execrating
beatitude's~de béatitude
Harvard's~Harvard
orig~orig
Elvis's~Elvis de
farm~farm
shareholders~actionnaires
exacerbating~exacerbating
Severus's~Severus
couscous's~couscous's
rug~couverture
KIA~KIA
condo~condo
stoat~hermine
Lela~Lela
chancellorship's~chancellorship de
passe~dépassé
McFarland's~McFarland de
greed's~greed's
way's~façons
impression's~impression de
enough~enough
grievously~grievously
spikier~plus ombrageux
observer's~L'oBSERVATEUR
capitol~Capitole
skiing~ski
bricklayer's~de briqueteur
bits~morceaux
scope~portée
Alcuin~Alcuin
brokerage~courtage
feuding~feuding
jemmied~jemmied
retooled~rééquipé
deviltry's~deviltry's
leavers~sortants
tacos~tacos
honourableness's~honorabilité de
chortler's~chortler de
liverymen~liverymen
specialisations~spécialisations
nosecones~pointes coniques
paladins~paladins
schmaltzy~schmaltzy
instant~instant
unsettles~dérègle
glans's~glans's
barnyard~basse-cour
giantesses~giantesses
Tasha's~Tasha de
freighting~freighting
Tethys's~Années Tethys
mind~esprit
bluejeans's~Années Bluejeans
detonates~detonates
theatricals's~Années Theatricals
canopying~canopying
bracelets~bracelets
primness's~de primness
House~Maison
carpal's~carpal de
cupid~cupid
oats's~d'avoine de
Bernbach~Bernbach
Jennings~Jennings
vestry's~vestry de
papal~papal
carat~carat
Carpathian's~Carpates
Semitic's~sémitique de
rubbernecker's~de rubbernecker
pectoral's~pectoral de
frazzles~frazzles
ambassador~ambassadeur
demodulated~demodulated
lexicon~lexique
poisoning's~empoisonnement de
symbiotically~symbiotique
rattan~rotin
stresses~stress
eloquence's~eloquence's
gym~gym
Sondra~Sondra
Anglicanism~anglicanisme
glasnost~glasnost
gumshoes~gumshoes
Toto~toto
blackberry's~Blackberry
reprinted~réédité
Herculaneum~Herculanum
changeableness's~mutabilité de
correlate~correlate
cultures~cultures
levying~perception
trafficker's~de trafiquant
lamppost~lampadaire
unsparing~prodigue
tallying~récoltant
egomaniac's~egomaniac's
gladdened~gladdened
landladies~patronnes
equivocation's~equivocation's
bosoms~seins
mapper~Mapper
bushwhacks~bushwhacks
splayed~évasé
motorised~motorisé
readiness~empressement
operand~opérande
brassiness's~de cuivrés
derailments~derailments
slangier~slangier
urn's~urne de
salience's~de saillance
seafood's~fruits de mer de ce
corers~corers
needing~besoin
anglicising~anglicising
stirrup~étrier
cetacean's~cétacé de
commode~commode
projectors~projecteurs
Prudential's~Prudential de
baccalaureate's~baccalauréat de
geographer~geographer
eighteenths~eighteenths
Guinea's~Guinée de
controversial~controversial
ISO~ISO
touring~tournée
colonoscopy~coloscopie
meandered~serpenté
meritocratic~méritocratique
caribous~caribous
Koufax~Koufax
glitch~glitch
skunk's~skunk de
garland~garland
tenderness's~de la tendresse
inaptness~inaptness
belay~assurer
originality~originalité
leeks~poireaux
creating~creating
lovechild's~de lovechild
charitably~charitablement
gates~gates
temp~Temp
upheld~confirmé
convocation~convocation
ramify~ramifier
songstress~chanteuse
carrot~carotte
clerestories~lanterneaux
urethrae~urethrae
accordionist's~de l'accordéoniste
airbrushes~aérographes
gypsy's~gypsy's
Liverpudlians~Liverpudlians
coitus~coït
dinar's~dinar's
Hartline's~Hartline de
foretaste~foretaste
abide~demeurer
unremarkable~unremarkable
shut~fermer
pluck's~plumer de
retrievers~chiens d'arrêt
Lakewood~Lakewood
adulterate~falsifier
sanguine~sanguine
fake~fake
way~façon
outcrop's~piton de
memorably~mémorablement
fuckers~fuckers
handcuff's~handcuff's
grind~grind
Motrin~Motrin
sedans~conduite intérieure
executioners~executioners
Cornwall~Cornouailles
nun~religieuse
Chippendale's~Chippendale de
rustic~rustique
detracts~detracts
sided~verso
dockside~dockside
vacuity's~niaiserie de
eardrum~eardrum
oratory~art oratoire
teacher's~enseignants
holdout's~années récalcitrantes
Memling~Memling
batterings~boutoir
overstocking~surstockage
filibusterers~filibusterers
visibility's~La visibilité de
Stephenson's~Stephenson
lithographic~lithographique
Caloocan~caloocan
redefined~redéfinie
obelisks~obélisques
bothers~embêtements
layered~couches
spewer~Spewer
empiricism's~empiricism's
enigma's~enigma's
vibrato's~vibrato années
gastronomical~gastronomical
marksman~buteur
Taliban's~Taliban de
AM's~AM de
bred~élevé
underscoring~SOULIGNANT
accords~accords
conveys~conveys
AWACS~AWACS
Dschubba~Dschubba
Mancunian's~Années Mancunian
Homeric's~homériques de
electroencephalography~electroencephalography
flecked~flecked
elapsed~elapsed
trendily~trendily
reassembly's~réassemblage de
recalculation's~recalcul de
McKinley~McKinley
Olajuwon's~Olajuwon de
unshackled~détachés
elder's~elder's
drooped~drooped
trailer~bande annonce
Yong's~Yong
spritzes~spritzes
viable~viable
dismount's~dismount's
studied~étudié
barbecuing~barbecuing
breakdown's~répartition de
proscribed~proscrits
Nola's~Nola de
mudpack~masque de beauté
commanding~commandant
scrounger's~scrounger de
ebonies~ebonies
squired~squired
bleached~blanchies
highroads~grandes routes
Chittagong~Chittagong
oak's~chêne de
flounced~flounced
Windbreaker~coupe-vent
pulpier~pulpeuses
enslavement~enslavement
Pinocchio's~Pinocchio
Buckingham's~Buckingham de
large~grand
outsmarted~outsmarted
metricise~metricise
encourages~encourages
bestrews~jonche
encase~encase
computes~Computes
strongmen~hommes forts
Lima's~Lima de
evener~evener
Blackfoot's~Pieds-Noirs de
truffle~truffe
doorposts~doorposts
rendition's~interprétation de
Robinson's~Robinson
Bernstein's~Bernstein
Bradley~Bradley
Hummer~Hummer
inkwell's~encrier de
exhaustively~exhaustively
Minerva~Minerva
spearhead's~fers de lance de
reacquiring~réacquisition
Malay~malais
secularisation~laïcisation
craven's~craven's
busyness's~de affairement
arterioles~artérioles
naiad~naïade
lockup~prison
grout~grout
delver~delver
wigglier~wigglier
Bristol's~Bristol de
forecastles~forecastles
Mindy~Mindy
windscreen's~pare-brise de
orphan~orphelin
next's~à côté de
sisterhood's~de sororité
aspics~aspics
bestirred~remuait
Auriga~Auriga
lovableness's~de amabilité
carthorses~chevaux de trait
Salerno's~Salerno de
houseparents~houseparents
Port~Port
chunkiness~chunkiness
doer's~doer's
gnarl~gnarl
posterity~postérité
Oprah~Oprah
hypnotherapist~hypnothérapeute
harms~nuit
detritus~detritus
cadence~cadence
tipsiness's~de griserie
waistline~taille
Hilary's~Hilary
tenth~dixième
paling~palissade
Jacobs~Jacobs
pylorus's~pylore de
gossip~gossip
absolve~absoudre
motorcar~Voiture
deprecation's~deprecation's
Puebla's~Puebla de
overheard~entendu
reorder~réorganiser
burglarise~cambrioler
Maine's~Maine de
posture's~posture de
instinct's~instinct de
settlement's~règlement de
cheerily~gaiement
Palestrina~Palestrina
rabbet's~de feuillure
adrenalin's~adrénaline de
Rothschild~Rothschild
Pace's~Pace
planned~prévu
Solzhenitsyn's~Soljenitsyne
psychotherapy~psychothérapie
Xavier's~Xavier
refrigerates~réfrigère
externalisation~externalisation
desalinised~desalinised
evenness~evenness
Capri's~Capri de
elocutionist~elocutionist
KKK~KKK
muenster~Muenster
Dakotas~Dakotas
Italy's~iTALIEN
adopt~adopter
Jungian's~de jungiens
baseballs~balles de baseball
perfectibility~perfectibilité
inspector's~L'iNSPECTEUR
agonist~agoniste
untangled~démêlé
Elbe's~Elbe de
dumbly~dumbly
thorium's~du thorium
sloganeering~sloganeering
debs~debs
renders~rend
Wyatt~Wyatt
thongs~tongs
ramekins~ramequins
prearrange~préarranger
nigh~près
outvotes~outvotes
workhorses~chevaux de trait
extravaganza's~extravaganza's
blancmange's~blancmange de
expose's~expose's
pi~pi
ceiling's~plafond de
Kings~rois
northeaster's~de Northeaster
Ca~Californie
batting~ouate en feuille
Mirach~Mirach
demonstrative's~demonstrative's
crumbliness~crumbliness
spare~de rechange
distortions~distortions
creates~creates
Xiongnu's~Xiongnu de
Capricorn~Capricorne
gawked~gawked
babier~Babier
peregrines~Faucon pèlerin
significance~importance
Apia~apia
cotter~cotter
opined~était d'avis
artificially~artificiellement
splodges~splodges
balsam's~le baume de
narky~narky
vigil's~veillée de
chalkiness's~crayeux de
Tauruses~Tauruses
nimby~NIMBY
workbenches~Etablis
headdress~coiffure
prowess~prouesse
existent~existent
rusted~rouillé
swoop~descente en piqué
lovers~les amoureux
harmonium~harmonium
vert~vert
monounsaturated~monoinsaturés
twosome~couple
zeniths~zéniths
boatswain's~de manœuvrier
kitchenette~kitchenette
bras~bras
implacability's~de implacabilité
colouring~coloration
hymned~Hymned
hogback's~Hogback de
reeducating~rééduquer
roster's~liste de
supermodels~top models
centralism~centralisme
Muskogee~Muskogee
pommel~pommeau
anaerobic~anaérobie
wholesomeness's~de comestibilité
telecommuted~telecommuted
sesame's~sésame de
Angelo's~Angelo de
Anderson's~Anderson
cooperatives~cooperatives
hardwired~hardwired
Hastings~Hastings
etude's~etude's
stalker~Stalker
Sask~Sask
extraction's~extraction's
trapezoid's~trapézoïdal de
ticktacktoe~ticktacktoe
sticking~collage
expectations~expectations
adieu~Adieu
FAQs~FAQ
testator~testateur
spruceness's~spruceness de
Squibb's~Squibb
thirdly~troisièmement
niece~nièce
perinea~périnée
confute~réfuter
need~avoir besoin
canvasses~toiles
Lizzy~Lizzy
shibboleths~shibboleths
rupiahs~rupiahs
Shavian~Shavian
psychoactive~psychoactif
Croat~Croate
amide's~amide de
greensward's~greensward's
bust~buste
simpleminded~simplet
inkblot~inkblot
slovenliness~négligence
affrays~échauffourées
goldbricked~goldbricked
lifelessness~lifelessness
gunk~gunk
yeast~Levure
question's~des questions
largess's~de largess
cesspit~cloaque
loaner's~loaner de
odiously~odieusement
Mendelian's~Années mendélienne
capacitance~capacitance
heppest~heppest
beneficial~bénéfique
sloshing~ballottement
shudders~frissonne
grumpier~grumpier
reflexes~réflexes
unyokes~dételle
fry's~fry's
dampener~dampener
sailings~navigations
flourish~flourish
cancel~Annuler
benzene~benzène
irreparable~irréparable
enlisting~enlisting
convergence~convergence
paradigmatic~paradigmatique
defused~defused
Tuscan~toscan
prefiguring~préfigurant
reward's~récompenses
platitudinous~banal
Mobile~Mobile
Edgar's~Edgar
ostrich~autruche
urea's~de l'urée
haystacks~meules de foin
waggishness~waggishness
magniloquent~grandiloquente
supersized~supersized
exempts~exempts
phantoms~fantômes
crudities~crudities
lupus~lupus
Hadar's~Hadar de
shortbread~sables
demagoguery~demagoguery
exhilarates~exhilarates
drovers~drovers
Cetus~Cetus
plagiariser's~plagiariser de
bream~brème
forerunner's~forerunner's
insatiably~insatiablement
playtime~récréation
bankroll's~fonds de
knockout~Assommer
straggliest~straggliest
airsick~souffrant du mal de l'air
moderate's~de modérés
faxed~faxed
melodramas~mélodrames
copier's~copier's
spoliation's~de spoliations
unenterprising~unenterprising
atrophy~atrophie
incinerate~incinérer
finale~finale
Quito's~Quito de
nonmetals~non métalliques
Harlequin~Arlequin
generate~generate
annotates~annote
inspiration's~L'inspiration du
musette's~Musette
Ho's~Ho
shack~cabane
scrabbler's~scrabbler de
gouging~gouging
sympathiser~sympathiser
rumouring~rumouring
stanzas~strophes
play~jouer
Gilberto's~Gilberto de
recomposes~recompose
secretively~secrètement
perishable~périssable
agriculture~agriculture
Howrah~Howrah
radii~rayons
pretension's~prétention de
activator~activateur
bangle's~Années bangle
harm~harm
cushier~cushier
Neolithic~Néolithique
exurb's~exurb's
Orbison~Orbison
mulishness's~de entêtement
condescending~condescendant
millpond's~bief de
bringer's~Bringer de
Spenglerian's~spenglérien de
Smollett's~Smollett de
desultory~desultory
synagogue's~synagogue de
alcohol~de l'alcool
refortifying~refortifying
patronised~patronné
footplate~footplate
biochemical's~biochimiques de
arriving~en arrivant
O'Donnell's~O'Donnell
confidently~en toute confiance
Terrell~Terrell
waiter~serveur
squash's~courge de
evisceration~evisceration
Nikita's~Nikita
Norfolk~Norfolk
grokking~grokking
rigger~gréeur
Paterson~Paterson
maize~maïs
quibbled~ergoté
gallivants~gallivants
beetling~broussailleux
blast~explosion
Miocene~miocène
Albee~Albee
Natalie~Natalie
boating~la navigation de plaisance
LDC~LDC
spume's~spume de
Punjabi's~Punjabi de
basted~badigeonné
wrappers~wrappers
alpines~Alpines
unregenerate~irrégénéré
dramatically~dramatically
Emmy~Emmy
relinquishing~l'abandon
shipwreck's~naufrage de
Vikings~Vikings
resonance~résonance
Hausa~haoussa
oncology~oncologie
handbook's~handbook's
rapturous~enthousiaste
Johnathon's~Johnathon de
fillings~fillings
assassin's~assassin de
ephedrine~ephedrine
potato's~pommes de terre de
distiller~distiller
romanticised~romancée
Atreus's~Atrée de
kaftans~caftans
craving's~craving's
lumberman's~de bûcheron
bachelorhood~célibat
regattas~régates
gnats~gnats
cordon~cordon
Orly's~Orly de
fiches~fiches
worktable~table de travail
defrocks~defrocks
tellingly~révélateur
slanderer~calomniateur
sustainability~durabilité
wrangling~querelles
unquestioning~inconditionnel
thundering~retentissant
flagpole's~flagpole's
nonconformist~non-conformiste
Rene's~de René
abortion~Avortement
Yamoussoukro's~Yamoussoukro de
spareribs's~Années spareribs
midsummer's~solstice d'été de
memo's~note de service
freight~freight
predominates~prédomine
Thucydides~Thucydide
balding~dégarni
ameliorates~améliore
greased~greased
pretentious~prétentieux
sufferer~victime
Polyhymnia's~Polymnie de
Katrina's~Katrina
pervasive~envahissant
nits~nits
Estelle~Estelle
reared~élevés
whom~qui
coffeecake~Gâteau au café
Alcibiades~Alcibiade
parenthood~parentalité
piroshki~piroshki
stockpots~stockpots
races~les courses
distension~distension
barnstorming~barnstorming
TKO's~TKO
Jesuit~jésuite
insulation~isolation
thereafter~après
upsurge's~recrudescence de
thenceforth~dès lors
multilingualism~multilinguisme
idiotically~bêtement
plasticised~plastifiée
sojourner's~Sojourner de
ostentatious~ostentatoire
decoyed~decoyed
suppository's~suppositoire de
mulishness~entêtement
departure's~departure's
snailed~azuré
also~aussi
sunset's~coucher du soleil de
placation~placation
typing~dactylographie
saturated~saturé
huzzahs~huzzahs
bereaving~bereaving
physician's~mÉDECIN
superhero~super-héros
Berber~berbère
overshot~augets
childless~sans enfant
unlike~contrairement à
mindful~conscient
unicycles~monocycles
Dewitt's~Dewitt de
unilateralism~unilatéralisme
NeWSes~NeWSes
compartmentalises~cloisonnement des
Sta~Sta
inlet~prise
bonanzas~mannes
detested~detested
curating~curating
forecaster's~forecaster's
definitions~definitions
pentagonal~pentagonal
chimer's~chimer de
pervades~infiltre
daughter~daughter
daycare~daycare
Fisk~Fisk
chickpeas~pois chiches
optimisations~optimisations
Meade's~meade de
bedaubed~barbouillés
tonnes~tonnes
peach's~pêche de
penultimate's~avant-dernier de
refashion~refaçonner
Cobb~Cobb
gouger's~gouger's
passphrases~phrases de passe
Singleton's~Singleton de
juicer's~presse-agrumes de
parochialism's~de provincialisme
schnitzel~schnitzel
patroons~Patroons
precises~precises
skimps~skimps
wrinkle's~les rides
boycotts~boycotts
raciness's~de raciness
effortlessness~effortlessness
teetotaller's~abstinent de
brigantine~Brigantine
sustains~sustains
rebellion's~rebellion
rub~frotter
reinterpreted~réinterprété
wannabees~wannabees
riled~agacé
rumbles~gronde
auditorium~salle
goddesses~goddesses
Khufu~Khéops
swift~rapide
rollmop~rollmop
violins~violons
susceptibilities~susceptibilités
intoner's~entonneur de
shelf's~Etagère
shadiness's~de shadiness
palm~paume
rewindable~rembobinable
Letitia~Letitia
lidos~Lidos
prevalence~prévalence
debarment~debarment
searched~cherché
SAM~SAM
Lin's~Lin de
incompatibility's~incompatibilité de
Manitoulin's~Manitoulin de
lumps~morceaux
millimetres~millimètres
canters~galops
Runyon's~Runyon de
verdigrises~verdigrises
sportiest~sportive
moral~moral
tuneful~mélodieux
candidate's~candidats
vegetate~végéter
digressive~digressive
moleskin~taupe
rope~corde
soupcons~Soupçons
baristas~baristas
nursling~nourrisson
sanity~santé mentale
branded~marque
Cambrian's~de Cambrian
horseshit~horseshit
folio's~folio's
stairwell's~cage d'escalier de
Elanor's~elanor de
Loire's~Loire de
palate's~palais de
supersaturated~sursaturée
ornithology's~de l'ornithologie
masking~masquage
tailgate~hayon
obfuscate~obscurcir
Gotham~Gotham
microfilming~microfilmage
Worcestershire's~Worcestershire de
recreate~recréer
abolitionists~abolitionnistes
besotting~abrutir
boggled~boggled
antitoxin~antitoxine
variously~diversement
moderation's~la modération de
morbid~morbide
livestock's~l'élevage de
pattern's~modèle de
patrols~patrouilles
rejoins~Rejoins
manege's~de manege
wintertime's~hiver de
Iva's~Années Iva
entrepreneur~entrepreneur
cobble~bricoler
reverie's~rêverie de
preheating~préchauffage
imputable~imputable
sweatiest~plus collants
harpsichordist~claveciniste
Panmunjom~Panmunjom
Nunki's~Nunki de
Deborah~Deborah
Tadzhik's~tadjik de
grainier~grainier
completion~achèvement
satirist's~satiriste de
salacity's~salacité de
reconciled~réconciliés
punish~punir
Azania's~Azania de
doorknocker~doorknocker
periodic~périodique
monomer's~monomère de
quavered~trembla
ancient~ancien
opted~le choix
bl~bl
barrack's~baraquement de
echelon's~echelon's
redeemers~rédempteurs
iceberg~iceberg
twirler~twirler
movies~films
squeeze's~resserrement de
contented~contented
chiropodists~podologues
Slurpee~slurpee
Bertie's~Bertie de
dominated~dominated
gravamens~gravamens
Pentium~Pentium
straddle~enjamber
preterite~prétérit
tutelage~tutelle
among~parmi
gasbags~gasbags
India~Inde
umbra~ombre
camaraderie~camaraderie
classicism's~classicisme de
maker's~fabricant de
leitmotiv~leitmotiv
cosmetic~cosmetic
gurneys~gurneys
nonthreatening~non menaçante
imploded~implosé
Esperanto's~espéranto de
merriness~merriness
overlook's~Overlook de
unneeded~non nécessaire
skylight's~puits de lumière
Lutheran's~luthérienne
subjected~soumis
regiment~régiment
barium~baryum
amaryllis's~de amaryllis
cyan~cyan
Maypole~Mât enrubanné
springtime's~printemps des
moor~lande
inoculation's~inoculation de
capture's~la capture de
blokes~types louches
rouble~rouble
transistor~transistor
piled~empilés
acclivity's~de pente
reaps~moissonne
referrals~références
submergence's~de submersion
wrap~emballage
scrub~frotter
processors~processeurs
consecrate~consacrer
unworthily~indignement
vector's~vecteur de
Shaw~Shaw
disabusing~disabusing
detectable~detectable
molluscan~mollusque
neap's~neap de
hypothesis~hypothèse
breakdown~panne
sully~souiller
promptitude~promptitude
chauvinistically~chauvinisme
MIRV~MIRV
connecting~de liaison
poltergeist's~de poltergeist
rissole~rissole
vole~campagnol
wisher's~intentionnée de
herniation's~de hernies
potpie's~tourte de
yessed~yessed
dell's~dell's
perishable's~périssable de
magically~magiquement
cardsharper's~tricheur de
strictness~rigueur
expiating~expiating
dentist's~dentist's
puppetry~théâtre de marionnettes
oceanology~océanologie
matriculation~immatriculation
publicity~publicité
supercilious~sourcilleux
fool~fool
embolism's~embolism's
sailboarding~sailboarding
fewest~fewest
stirrups~Etriers
firefights~firefights
Germany~Allemagne
whimsicality's~de whimsicality
sultriness's~sultriness de
emboss~emboss
rend~déchirer
Peter's~Pierre
merchandiser~merchandiser
paroxysm~paroxysme
fairings~fairings
aligning~alignement
backslides~backslides
mosaic's~La mosaïque
Capablanca~Capablanca
consolidation's~consolidation de
cleanser's~nettoyant de
zones~zones
nipped~pincé
AIs~AIs
allegro~allegro
psyches~psychés
wrestling~lutte
Summers~Summers
Parnell's~Parnell de
exceptionalism~exceptionalism
bullfighting~courses de taureaux
ambiguities~ambiguïtés
fastenings~fastenings
Castro's~Castro de
Brummel's~Brummel de
unsuspected~insoupçonné
endured~endured
compound's~composé de
mistype~mistype
eager~eager
inkblots~inkblots
ghosted~ghosted
roughneck~voyou
MacBride~MacBride
Cadillac's~Cadillac
pyramiding~pyramidal
furnishing~furnishing
xerox~photocopier
geodesic's~geodesic's
camellia~camélia
discussion's~discussion's
Anthropocene~anthropocène
ovoid's~ovoïdes de
Cory's~Cory de
racetracks~pistes de course
Ehrlich's~Ehrlich
Kiev's~Kiev de
mistakenly~par erreur
Gordian~Gordian
massacres~massacres
stage's~étapes
electroencephalogram's~electroencephalogram's
disparagingly~disparagingly
kilts~kilts
chartreuse's~chartreuse de
Benedictine's~années bénédictins
battalion~bataillon
Smirnoff's~Smirnoff de
smoulder~couver
deacons~deacons
keeper~gardien
ubiquitously~ubiquitaire
joint's~les articulations
liege~lige
embitterment~embitterment
straggly~straggly
marque's~marque de
chanson's~Années chanson
Custer's~Custer de
sun's~soleil de
globule~globule
scat's~de scato
synthesis~la synthèse
Ahriman~Ahriman
Maldivians~Maldiviens
jelly~gelée
smattering's~poignée de
writings~écrits
cubbyholes~cubbyholes
Seton's~Seton de
pedagogic~pédagogique
stripes~rayures
contextualisation~contextualisation
facsimiles~facsimiles
tenderheartedness~attendrissement
bucketing~héliporté
Sheratan~Sheratan
servomechanism~servomécanisme
Magellanic's~magellanic de
Norwegian's~de la Norvège
stepdads~stepdads
trampers~trampers
proceeded~a procédé
mutilation's~la mutilation de
goners~goners
muskmelon~cantaloup
fogginess's~fogginess's
realignment's~réalignement de
nothingness's~le néant de
coolness's~coolness's
bossiness~bossiness
whatshisname~Quel est son prénom
Heyerdahl~Heyerdahl
yellowed~tirant sur le jaune
pharmacology~pharmacologie
Annapolis's~années Annapolis
uneconomically~non rentables
semiquavers~croches
Wroclaw's~Wroclaw de
kayaking's~kayak de
Doreen's~Doreen de
debasement's~debasement's
outpouring's~épanchements
tinderbox's~de tinderbox
nymphomaniacs~nymphomanes
barnyards~les basses-cours
slum's~bidonville de
layups~layups
PAC~PAC
befoul~souiller
controverting~controverting
slowly~lentement
maul~malmener
congregational~Congregational
Np~np
osmosis~osmose
Gelbvieh~Gelbvieh
bloat~gonfler
tablet's~comprimés
chanteuse~chanteuse
dippier~dippier
militarily~militairement
recaptures~recaptures
Fourneyron~Fourneyron
sedition~sédition
slowcoaches~slowcoaches
sum's~somme de
egghead~egghead
hysterics~hystériques
Parkinsonism~parkinsonisme
psychiatrist's~psychiatre de
creator's~creator's
Menander's~Ménandre de
Italian's~italo
misreport's~de fausses déclarations de
monarchistic~monarchiste
majesty~majesté
citations~citations
implementation's~la mise en œuvre de
overvalue~surévaluer
yahoo's~Yahoo
Ratliff's~Ratliff de
pitched~en pente
nacho~nachos
pronunciation~prononciation
Alissa~Alissa
Paraguayan's~paraguayen de
tambourines~tambourins
savours~saveurs
Kristin's~Kristin de
intrusively~trahissait
Jonas~Jonas
poinsettia~poinsettia
thumped~cogné
crotchets~crotchets
rationalising~rationalisant
slathered~badigeonné
yapping~jappements
windflower's~anémone de
Louisianan~louisianaise
xylophonists~xylophonists
Palmyra's~Palmyre de
postpone~remettre à plus tard
heralded~annoncé
resows~resows
wobbliness~wobbliness
overstimulated~surexcité
toothbrush's~brosse à dents de
primer~apprêt
henpeck~henpeck
Melchior's~Melchior de
southeastwards~le sud-est
chert~chert
query's~requête de
sacristan's~sacristain de
Molokai's~Molokai de
relabels~réétiquette
steadiness~stabilité
deputises~deputises
airdrome~aéroport
depths~depths
Mr~M
conjured~conjuré
nightie's~de nuisette
jeeringly~railleur
ecliptic's~ecliptic's
clippings~coupures
Barquisimeto's~barquisimeto de
spinneys~Spinneys
pumper~autopompe
sandbanks~bancs de sable
Quixote's~Quichotte
teaser's~Teaser de
Clifton's~Clifton de
physio~kiné
cardiovascular~cardiovasculaire
swerve~embardée
Vuitton~Vuitton
caners~Caners
loafer's~flâneurs
encapsulates~encapsulates
towhee's~de towhee
semiautomatic's~de semi-automatique
televises~télévise
shoats~mouchèvres
insecticides~insecticides
Lyman~Lyman
obviating~parant
resigns~démet
biopsies~biopsies
pewters~étains
otherwise~autrement
predeceases~décède
iceboxes~glacières
nonoperational~non opérationnelle
flamethrower~flamethrower
frat~frat
bowwow's~bowwow de
rhythmically~rythmiquement
profane~profane
sippers~sippers
warfare's~guerre de
overoptimism's~de l'excès d'optimisme
rehired~réembauché
dejection~dejection
eastwards~eastwards
canted~dévers
bismuth~bismuth
chins~mentons
polymer~polymère
mails~mails
tenner~tenner
Zorn's~Zorn de
mensuration's~de mensuration
fixation's~fixation's
injurer's~offenseur de
sanction~sanction
solemnising~solemnising
neocon's~de néo-conservateurs
pro's~avantages
opulently~opulent
indelibly~de manière indélébile
swallowed~ingestion
Jonah's~Jonas de
weeny~weeny
windsurfer~planche à voile
sew~Coudre
godmother's~godmother's
sprint's~sprint
dampened~dampened
passkeys~clés d'accès
Flory~Flory
OSHA~OSHA
coulee~coulee
lolling~prélassant
oestrous~oestrus
bucktoothed~bucktoothed
possessives~possessifs
importable~importable
Kemerovo's~Kemerovo de
enrage~enrage
arthritis~arthrite
dottier~dottier
reignited~ravivé
Briticism~anglicisme
sheathed~gainée
Barrera~Barrera
Cartesian~cartésien
casuals~casuals
Reykjavik~Reykjavik
wanglers~wanglers
Atlanta's~Atlanta de
overcomes~pallie
mattocks~hoyaux
nutritiousness's~nutritiousness de
knowings~knowings
envelope's~envelope's
bearish~baissier
ethnological~ethnological
happening~happening
Le's~Le de
impasto~empâtement
Bert~Bert
alluvium~alluvion
insult's~les insultes
chord's~accords de
Lupercalia's~Années Lupercales
vial~ampoule
wingspreads~wingspreads
barbecue's~barbecue de
shrimping~shrimping
drays~drays
dubious~dubious
outfit's~tenue de
viler~viler
Madrid~Madrid
admissions~admissions
ordering~commande
naturalness's~naturalité de
rollicks~rollicks
bathes~baignades
posters~affiches
Mediterranean's~méditerranéen de
paracetamols~paracetamols
Burr~Burr
tomahawks~tomahawks
astrology~astrologie
verge's~point de
maiden~jeune fille
eastward~eastward
egress~egress
schemers~intrigants
inequitable~inéquitable
celestial~céleste
joyridden~joyridden
Gere's~Gere de
textural~textural
Chinook~Chinook
risotto~Risotto
Doolittle's~Doolittle de
cloudier~cloudier
classlessness~classlessness
recolonisation's~de recolonisation
batman's~batman de
ATV~VTT
Macao~Macao
ecologists~ecologists
minim~blanche
compatriots~compatriotes
sourced~sourced
bipeds~bipèdes
excursions~excursions
truculence's~de truculence
prudent~prudent
uppercase~majuscule
Caesar's~César
marriages~mariages
Eli's~Eli de
accomplished~accompli
circulating~circulé
UAW~UAW
timekeepers~chronométreurs
bearings~roulements
yardage's~de parcage
staff's~personnel de
landscape's~paysages
oiled~huilé
buddies~copains
customhouse's~customhouse's
Richie's~Richie
funky~funky
horsewoman~cavalière
Pike's~Pike
torturer's~tortionnaire de
worksheet~feuille de travail
Lindbergh~Lindbergh
whitewashed~blanchis à la chaux
scrimping~lésiner
latest's~dernières années
disadvantageously~disadvantageously
posthumously~à titre posthume
woolgathering's~de Woolgathering
supercargo's~subrécargue de
proponent's~promoteur de
budgies~perruches
wicket's~guichet de
goddaughters~goddaughters
decreased~decreased
apelike~simiesque
observing~observateur
peaches~les pêches
roughcast~crépir
mobilisation~la mobilisation
obliging~obligeant
contextualise~contextualise
Inquisition's~Inquisition de
exasperatedly~exasperatedly
events~events
craved~craved
redden~rougir
uncleanliness's~malpropreté de
sudden~soudain
confuted~réfutés
evermore~evermore
tawny's~Tawnyes
neoplasm~néoplasme
marketplace's~marché de
Paula~Paula
brandies~cognacs
haversack~musette
adsorbent~adsorbant
steeliest~steeliest
rinds~couennes
twill~sergé
sautes~Sautes
Curt~Sec
rejoinders~dupliques
roughen~rendre gros
weathermen~météorologistes
mysteriousness~mysteriousness
prevails~prévaut
peeress's~peeress de
yeastiest~yeastiest
donuts~donuts
legalisms~juridisme
Nice~Agréable
cerebrating~cerebrating
chances~chances
Queens~Queens
plenipotentiary~plénipotentiaire
saxophonist~saxophoniste
mimicker~mimicker
motormouth's~Années Motormouth
riffling~riffles
griper's~griper's
unshockable~unshockable
bell's~cloches
Shannon's~Shannon de
lacrosse's~de lacrosse
jackknives~canifs
Cygnus~Cygnus
loneliest~loneliest
medicine's~la médecine de
infectiously~infectiously
flowerpot's~flowerpot's
extirpated~extirpated
Englisher~Englisher
thralling~thralling
conniving~fourbe
astronomic~astronomique
academic's~aCADÉMIQUE
bacchanalia's~Années Bacchanalia
jock~Jock
globulin's~globulin's
avouches~avouches
arbitrageur~arbitragiste
unceremonious~sans façon
gridiron's~gridiron's
stretchy~extensible
cabs~cabines
rhythmical~rythmé
premonitions~prémonitions
dehumanised~dehumanised
twelvemonth's~douze mois
mats~tapis
Deandre's~Deandre de
Ferguson~Ferguson
ciaos~ciaos
allowed~permis
aorta's~années aorte
monotheist~monothéiste
creamily~creamily
trampled~piétiné
doughnut~doughnut
lobed~lobées
reassessing~réévaluant
scariest~le plus effrayant
snug~confortable
whistler~siffleur
halogen's~halogen's
Lorena~Lorena
professorship~chaire
simultaneous~simultané
each~each
Guallatiri~Guallatiri
lifework~le travail de la vie
headwind's~de vent de face
shoeshines~cirage de chaussures
sward's~sward de
gainsays~gainsays
drained~drained
Capella's~Capella de
hub's~centre de
swampland's~Années marécageuses
juleps~juleps
true~vrai
Miskito's~Miskito de
river's~rIVIÈRE
wildness~sauvagerie
Hockney's~Hockney de
fleetingly's~fleetingly's
Tsiolkovsky's~Tsiolkovski de
talker's~beau parleur de
Communions~communions
Taft~Taft
Edsel's~Edsel de
wrestle's~Wrestle de
underling's~de sous-fifre
roosting~percher
downfall~downfall
acquiescently~acquiescently
boardroom's~salle de réunion de
streetwalkers~racoleuses
glee~glee
oddment's~oddment de
indispensable~indispensable
Baroda~Baroda
sandbar's~de banc de sable
Franglais~franglais
mulches~paillages
groat~groat
maw~gueule
fusees~fusees
Unitas~Unitas
flyswatter~flyswatter
aviator's~aviator de
jejunum's~jéjunum de
Lorie's~Lorie de
fritter's~fritter's
groundnut's~groundnut's
showcasing~en valeur
sheerness's~Sheerness de
ruttiest~ruttiest
flipping~flipping
riviera~côte d'Azur
sheikh's~sheikh de
midwifery's~sage-femme de
dourer~dourer
puzzlement~perplexité
rocked~bercé
Imogene's~Imogene de
avionics~avionique
predawn~avant l'aube
limey~matelot anglais
vireo~vireo
stability's~la stabilité de
actuating~actionnement
bubblegum's~bubblegum de
precipice~précipice
claimable~exigible
winking~clin d'oeil
inclined~incliné
contrabassoons~contrabassoons
corolla's~corolla's
transporters~transporteurs
optician's~de Opticien
galloped~galloped
Joni's~Joni
predominately~principalement
beseeming~convenait nullement
Claire's~Claire
reelections~réélections
acidify~acidifier
Viacom~Viacom
Hooke~Hooke
privily~privily
Sirius's~Sirius
details~details
Vanessa~Vanessa
minibuses~minibus
fret~fret
Tarim's~Tarim de
Passovers~Pâques
Aeolus~Aeolus
bisected~bissectrice
trapeziums~trapèzes
versos~versos
Aurangzeb~Aurangzeb
Highlander's~Highlander de
Mountbatten~Mountbatten
leucine~leucine
sifters~cribles
smiting~châtiment
vulturous~de vautour
prowl's~vagabondage de
hereafters~hereafters
attuned~à l'écoute
throe's~parturition de
twenties~vingtaine
Mackenzie~Mackenzie
metrical~métrique
remaindered~en solde
listing's~de la liste
Pena's~Pena de
treacherously~traîtreusement
administratively~sur le plan administratif
zinnia's~Zinnia de
amalgamating~amalgamant
admitting~admettant
N's~N de
devotion's~devotion's
expected~expected
fingerprinted~fingerprinted
malevolence~malveillance
IE~C'EST À DIRE
latest~dernier
incrementalist~gradualiste
verbalisation~verbalisations
Culbertson's~Culbertson de
tailspin~vrille
Whitehorse~Cheval Blanc
reflexology~réflexologie
superlatively~superlativement
jibes~empannages
nonfat~dégraissé
unsuitable~inapproprié
revalued~réévaluées
infant~bébé
disassociated~disassociated
ogre's~Années ogre
greetings~greetings
backfire's~l'effet inverse de
objectivity's~l'objectivité de
foreshadowed~foreshadowed
hadst~hadst
nearsighted~myope
dogie~dogie
storminess's~de l'activité cyclonique
Bermudian~Bermudien
paperbarks~paperbarks
shoptalk's~de déjeuners causeries
insider's~initié de
prophetical~prophetical
blousing~blousing
enquires~enquires
forearm~forearm
buttress~contrefort
wrights~wrights
Davids~Davids
Tutu~Tutu
dz~dz
Puritan's~puritaine de
ruffianly~brutal
calibration's~étalonnage de
ineptly~inepte
needfully~needfully
maladministration~mauvaise administration
remounting~remonter
Norberto~Norberto
confinements~confinements
Hakka~Hakka
hobnobbed~fraternisaient
i~je
worried~inquiet
misdid~misdid
adorns~orne
blunderbuss's~Années tromblon
debark~debark
commissioner~le commissaire
xcvi~xcvi
Burma's~BIrmAnIe
politburos~politburos
spaciness's~Années spaciness
grep~grep
Neanderthal's~Neandertal de
humidifiers~humidificateurs
paintbrush's~années pinceau
preens~preens
ravaging~ravage
fumigators~fumigators
turnpikes~turnpikes
disobedience's~disobedience's
misprint's~misprint de
flowcharts~flowcharts
poof~tapette
knish~knish
staleness~manque de fraîcheur
Taoist's~taoïste de
undershirt's~Années undershirt
gimping~gimping
visors~visières
Madagascar~Madagascar
breezeway~breezeway
mullion~meneau
bloodies~ensanglante
illegality~illégalité
bookmobile~bibliobus
harridan's~mégère de
paratroops's~Années parachutistes
tsars~tsars
impieties~impiétés
Farrell's~Farrell
albinism~albinisme
Sufism's~de Soufisme
Rasta~Rasta
v~v
displaced~displaced
greedy~greedy
rainmakers~rainmakers
liners~liners
defied~defied
politician~politicien
Ahmed~Ahmed
Brazzaville~Brazzaville
prising~a ses prix
onerousness's~pénibilité de
lowliest~plus modeste
piss~pisse
adulterant~adultérant
inexcusably~inexcusables
blot's~blot de
desertification~desertification
shutterbugs~shutterbugs
underlain~reposant sur
unlearnt~désappris
ethanol~ethanol
Gino~Gino
Araby's~Araby de
half~half
CBC~Radio-Canada
copyrights~copyrights
Amway's~Amway de
enshrouds~enshrouds
tackled~abordé
controvert~controvert
ticktacktoe's~ticktacktoe de
Derrida~Derrida
skying~skying
lye~lessive
payload's~charge utile de
befogs~befogs
zed~Zed
compares~compare
perusals~dépouillements
Ladonna~Ladonna
strain~souche
Ecuadoran~Ecuadoran
protestation~protestation
chickenhearted~chickenhearted
defiling~defiling
Griffin's~Griffin
homoerotic~homoérotique
blindside~blindside
thanksgiving's~Thanksgiving
premixing~prémélanger
footlocker~footlocker
chimps~chimpanzés
arise~survenir
nonconducting~non conducteur
goitre's~goitre's
electrologist's~electrologist's
styled~Styled
prepare~préparer
Antigone~Antigone
Armenia~Arménie
outshone~éclipsait
VFW~VFW
unresistant~peu résistants
interspersed~intercalés
bunks~couchettes
ivories~ivoires
mobilisations~mobilisations
Adenauer~adenauer
x~X
poi's~les points d'intérêt
Denny~Denny
woozy~nébuleux
dermatologist's~dermatologist's
Lysistrata~Lysistrata
tobacco~le tabac
nightlights~lumières de la nuit
directives~directives
transvestite's~travesti de
sequence's~séquence de
spaceships~vaisseaux spatiaux
recitation's~récitation de
cribbage's~cribbage's
timestamped~horodatée
porn's~porno de
shutoff~éteindre
Goldsmith~Orfèvre
anthracite's~années anthracite
itch~démanger
global~global
unlovable~unlovable
Ugandans~Ougandais
bedraggles~bedraggles
bandsmen~fanfaristes
tintinnabulation's~de tintinnabulation
retrospectives~retrospectives
Moldova~Moldavie
refurbishing~remise en état
prerecorded~pré-enregistrée
arid~aride
storefront~pignon sur rue
dejection's~dejection's
steeped~chargé
Manuela~Manuela
quads~quadruplés
blockbuster's~blockbuster
oho~oho
chinwags~chinwags
grandpa's~grandpa's
wive~wive
scalper's~de scalper
fricassee's~fricassee's
clematis~clématite
Vandal's~Vandal de
organics~organiques
limousines~limousines
scrounging~parasitisme
insights~idées
snapping~serpentine
Arkansas~Arkansas
scrimmaging~bousculade
mushiest~mushiest
lewdest~lewdest
lorry's~camion de
lactose's~années lactose
Pawnees~Pawnees
brewery~Brasserie
Vladimir~Vladimir
carbonaceous~charbonneux
Candide~Candide
disembowels~disembowels
pillage's~le pillage de
VCR's~magnétoscope
smoke~fumée
revenged~vengée
swashbuckling~cape et d'épée
conjuncture's~de conjonctures
dispensation's~dispensation's
quivered~tremblaient
gimped~gimped
Rio's~Rio de
benighted~aveugle
ray~rayon
astern~sur l'arrière
janitor~concierge
semigloss~semi-brillant
world's~du monde
meander~méandre
Hal~Hal
andante~andante
omnivores~omnivores
poke~poussée
blind~aveugle
potion~potion
spellings~orthographes
polyphony~polyphonie
hardtop's~hardtop's
cruelty~cruelty
enciphered~enciphered
cordovan~cordovan
shadowboxed~shadowboxed
amplifications~amplifications
sty~porcherie
paleface~visage pâle
recreates~recrée
disfranchised~disfranchised
sentinels~factionnaires
preservative's~agent de conservation de
pawpaw's~papayes de
unshorn~unshorn
pasture~pâturage
forebear's~forebear's
sunbathed~bronzé
litchi's~de litchi
raincoat's~raincoat de
Zambia~Zambie
unreeled~dévidée
Asmara's~Asmara de
prospected~prospecté
camping~camping
scoff~moquerie
hankered~hankered
insalubrious~insalubre
specified~spécifié
Lindsey~Lindsey
nonhazardous~nonhazardous
denizens~denizens
patriot~patriote
inadvertence~inadvertance
plaques~plaques
repairing~réparation
goodness~goodness
beetroots~racines de betterave
Ispell's~ispell de
smoothie~Smoothie
phaseout~suppression progressive
thistles~chardons
stapler's~agrafeuse de
pokiest~pokiest
cyberpunk's~cyberpunk's
sloughed~muées
homily's~homélie de
witness~témoin
handbills~handbills
disproportionately~disproportionately
jackass's~de Jackass
Wilson~Wilson
fend~fend
aquifers~aquifères
gangplanks~gangplanks
windrow's~andain de
monotheism's~monothéiste de
imperturbably~imperturbablement
noisier~bruyant
shampoo's~shampooing de
humbugging~humbugging
maned~maned
glaces~glaces
Toni's~Toni de
hag~hag
unfledged~unfledged
Elnath's~Elnath de
racks~racks
Titania's~Titania de
leaser's~leaser de
wayfarings~wayfarings
aide's~aide de
circumscriptions~circonscriptions
dendrite~dendrite
fraternities~fraternities
Deng's~Deng de
Murray's~Murray
chequebook's~de chéquier
eyeglasses~eyeglasses
routinised~routinisées
WASP~GUÊPE
fertilisation~fertilisation
cordage's~cordage's
laudatory~élogieux
making~fabrication
exhausting~exhausting
topless~aux seins nus
regeneracy~regeneracy
totterer~totterer
vivisect~Vivisect
tables~les tables
goddammit~goddammit
intimacies~intimités
sunbathers~plagistes
hell~enfer
ult~ULT
effluents~effluents
remainder's~reste de
Hench~Hench
cyclamens~cyclamens
quelled~matée
Mia~Mia
trireme~trirème
reformer~réformateur
disjoints~disjoints
granular~granular
cardigan~cardigan
derv~derv
Crusades's~croisades de
gayness's~gayness's
Travis's~Travis de
raven~corbeau
interfaced~interfacé
lifer's~condamné à perpétuité de
academia's~le milieu universitaire de
shy~timide
propositioned~propositioned
sprees~effrénées
lowbrow's~lowbrow de
preconceives~préconçoit
tranquillising~tranquillisant
slants~inclinaisons
venom~venin
birthright's~du droit d'aînesse
moguls~magnats
Mondale's~Mondale de
wrinkly~ridé
grottier~grottier
Doolittle~Doolittle
patroon's~patroon de
Finnegan's~Finnegan de
vignette~vignette
bridegroom~jeune marié
caned~canné
anglophile~anglophile
evildoer~evildoer
cheep~piaulement
Baptist~Baptiste
obliquely~obliquement
surety~caution
mallards~colverts
sutler~cantinier
additive~additif
percussion's~percussion de
postulation's~de postulation
idealistically~idéalistes
mausoleums~mausolées
aversion~aversion
grids~grids
wham's~Wham de
pear~poire
femur~femur
Kislev's~Kislev de
reemphasised~souligné à nouveau
bushing's~douille de
demerit~demerit
Judaism~judaïsme
triumphs~triomphe
advisably~advisably
Teletype~Télétype
regrets~regrets
banshees~banshees
faulted~faulted
astigmatism~astigmatisme
amphibians~amphibiens
viands~aliments
Moselle's~Moselle de
broadswords~glaives
regimentation~discipline excessive
housebreaker~cambrioleur
responding~répondre
fizziest~fizziest
Ci's~Ci de
telemetry's~télémétrique de
droned~droned
flied~flied
arsenal's~arsenal de
incandescent~incandescent
instanter~instanter
windsurfed~de windsurf
trainable~trainable
sorter's~trieuse de
classic~classique
quarrelled~querellé
rile~agacer
TLC~CCM
hating~haïssant
immunologist~immunologiste
gleanings~gleanings
distributing~distributing
Biscayne's~Biscayne de
rebind~rebind
outbreak's~épidémie de
Rasputin~Rasputin
smurf~schtroumpf
clang's~clang de
cleaved~clivée
academical~académique
swathe's~andain de
enervate~enervate
Micronesian~micronésien
distentions~distentions
mechanistic~mécaniste
div~div
valedictorians~valedictorians
threepence's~trois pence de
lessor~bailleur
drainpipe's~drainpipe's
fervently~fervently
perspired~transpirait
traction's~de traction
sufficiency~suffisance
profiled~profilé
establishing~establishing
stuffiest~stuffiest
Laotian~Laotien
chortle's~gloussement de
infringements~infractions
pinafores~chasubles
ultimate~ultime
fore~fore
shrinkable~rétrécissant
spinning~filage
ante's~ante de
terns~sternes
scarcer~raréfient
subtitle's~Les sous-titres
scuppered~capoter
backgammon's~années backgammon
bejewelled~paré de bijoux
congregated~massé
footrace~footrace
underparts~le dessous
Douglas's~Douglas de
trouper's~de Trouper
verdigris's~verdigris de
Antarctica's~Antarctique de
senile~sénile
Americanise~américaniser
cress~cress
afforested~reboisées
guide's~guide's
shire~comté
equivocated~equivocated
fibrillating~fibrillating
Chi's~Chi de
Metamucil's~Metamucil de
bequeath~léguera
footnote's~footnote's
passions~passions
strudel~strudel
activity~activité
bimetallic~bimétallique
charted~cartographié
channelisation's~de canalisation
crowns~crowns
cogwheels~roues dentées
pottier~pottier
diocese~diocese
realism's~le réalisme de
orating~pérorant
Johnston~Johnston
breathing~respiration
hepatitis's~l'hépatite de
Betelgeuse's~Bételgeuse de
IDE~IDE
Darwinian~darwinien
cogitation~réflexion
paramedicals~paramédicaux
empiricist~empiricist
Eastwood's~Eastwood
Fresno's~Fresno de
Oxonian~oxonien
rinsed~rincés
personae~personae
extricable~extricable
aerodynamically~aérodynamiquement
urbanology~urbanologie
hailstone~hailstone
quadrivium~quadrivium
graders~graders
Pharaoh~pharaon
exploit's~exploit's
workup's~de traitement final
feaster's~feaster's
Catalina's~Catalina de
suburbanite's~de banlieusarde
drollest~drollest
accumulations~accumulations
retiree's~retraitée de
chastest~chastes
pantheists~panthéistes
Lyle~Lyle
limns~limns
oozy~de vase
entertaining~entertaining
parable~parabole
smudgier~smudgier
sumac's~sumac de
cocking~armement
naughty~vilain
witches~sorcières
milker~trayeur
leafiest~touffu
hieing~hieing
unclasps~unclasps
Racine~Racine
biggie~Biggie
Bullwinkle's~Années Bullwinkle
desalinating~desalinating
sock's~chaussettes
incubator~incubateur
Gale's~Gale de
infinitesimal's~infinitésimale de
stillest~plus silencieuse
overwriting~écraser
stencils~pochoirs
melt's~fonte de
solved~résolu
livery's~de livrée
Wynn's~Wynn
smarty's~Smarty de
annotation's~annotation de
redetermined~redéterminée
assistant's~assistant de
McConnell's~McConnell de
laryngeal~laryngé
Parr~Parr
leisureliness's~leisureliness de
Herodotus's~Hérodote de
Americanism~américanisme
answer's~réponses
Ritalin's~Ritalin de
Lippmann~Lippmann
Davies~Davies
bowwows~bowwows
immortals~immortels
Minuteman~Minuteman
lavender's~lavande de
sonogram~sonogramme
impurities~impuretés
heartache~chagrin
floor~floor
conveyors~conveyors
Kosygin~Kossyguine
netbooks~netbooks
numbs~engourdit
infamy's~infamies de
mannered~maniéré
saving~économie
jargon's~le jargon de
swiftest~le plus rapide
cu~cu
Maronite~maronite
Pyrex~Pyrex
abstracted~distrait
hyperbole's~hyperbole de
okra's~Années gombo
unctions~onctions
institute~institut
Jarrett's~Jarrett de
compilers~compilateurs
falseness~falseness
preseasons~preseasons
Camille~Camille
picot's~picot de
conversation~conversation
colourless~incolore
cookies~cookies
skittles~jeu de quilles
philippic~philippique
Flintstones's~Pierrafeu de
fallacious~fallacious
dartboard's~dartboard's
estimators~estimators
prayer~prière
Glaswegian~glaswegian
allotted~alloué
privy's~du privy
unsuccessful~infructueux
picadors~picadors
adjourning~de lever la séance
hitter's~de cogneur
intend~avoir l'intention
ascendants~ascendants
sanctification's~sanctification de
Vientiane~Vientiane
gulping~gulping
ponchos~ponchos
Spanish~Espanol
impregnability's~de inexpugnable
hoodoos~hoodoos
dilettantism's~dilettantism's
Marva's~Marva de
abolition's~abolition de
threadiest~threadiest
millponds~millponds
deterrence~deterrence
bestowed~accordé
gutlessness's~gutlessness's
sensual~sensuel
armada's~armada de
puller~tireur
ultraconservatives~ultraconservateurs
FDR~FDR
Dexter's~Dexter
accomplishment~accomplissement
legions~légions
rewires~rebobinage
surfing's~de surf
ruffle~ébouriffer
low~faible
sunrises~le soleil se lève
condensed~condensée
pudendum's~pudendum de
necropolis~nécropole
glint's~glint's
farad~farad
political~politique
redbreast~rouge-gorge
quadrilateral~quadrilatère
attacked~attaqué
forefronts~forefronts
kayo~Kayo
erudition's~erudition's
Maoist's~maoïste de
toadstools~toadstools
clueless~Aucune idée
troopers~troopers
photosynthetic~photosynthétique
smut~cochonneries
incorrect~Incorrect
rigorous~rigoureux
thirsting~assoiffée
extender~extender
makings~éléments essentiels
wring~tordre
hashish~haschisch
graphically~graphically
Nouakchott~Nouakchott
carriage's~la voiture de
thwarts~traversins
yeas~POUR
Gielgud~Gielgud
strangeness~étrangeté
untruest~untruest
localities~localités
bevy's~brochette de
Bohemians~Bohemians
answerphones~repondeur
nestle~se nicher
choler's~choler de
comptrollers~intendants
Montrachet~Montrachet
afterthought~réflexion
Mahayanist's~mahayaniste de
prepubescence's~prepubescence de
pour~verser
sinewy~nerveux
yahoo~yahoo
wrapping's~de l'emballage
Avior's~Avior de
sanctity~sainteté
unrealised~non réalisé
hatbands~hatbands
vies~EDDV
renunciations~renonciations
adhesiveness~adhésivité
worsened~aggravée
Lorelei's~Lorelei de
grandnieces~grandnieces
pothook~pothook
dimwits~dimwits
laundress~blanchisseuse
clicker~Clicker
ROTC~ROTC
pestling~pestling
technophobes~technophobes
waterfall's~cascades
husky's~Husky
Weissmuller's~Weissmuller de
fountain's~fountain's
eclipse~eclipse
disdains~disdains
executor's~executor's
privatising~privatisent
recess's~logement de
fondles~fondles
foreword's~foreword's
sorghum's~du sorgho
Antwan~Antwan
sedulous~attentif
cooks~cooks
commissariats~commissariats
jeopardising~mettre en péril
schoolchild's~de écolière
luckiness's~de luckiness
termite~contre les termites
condition~condition
Tweed's~Tweed de
predigest~prédigérer
troika~troïka
calumniators~calomniateurs
bashes~bashes
Provence~Provence
Nina's~Nina
blimp's~dirigeable de
Ibiza's~IBIZA
slipcase~emboîtage
quadrants~quarts de cercle
petulance's~pétulance de
execute~execute
Sopwith's~Années Sopwith
counterfeit's~counterfeit's
curia's~curia's
hexagram's~hexagramme de
McNamara's~McNamara de
distributes~distributes
monition's~monition de
seesawing~seesawing
drinkable~drinkable
biathlon~biathlon
thrashes~fustige
evolutionary~evolutionary
miscuing~miscuing
Waldensian's~vaudoises de
desensitises~desensitises
irremediably~irrémédiablement
atmospheric~atmosphérique
Russia~Russie
imams~imams
gendarmes~gendarmes
dabber's~dabber's
unavoidable~inévitable
touche~Touche
Tianjin's~Tianjin de
bitch's~salope de
rimes~Rimes
Maddox's~Maddox de
palpitating~palpitant
trysts~trysts
admixing~le mélange
investigators~les enquêteurs
unbeatable~imbattable
attributions~attributions
steamers~steamers
subtlety's~la subtilité de
marbling~persillage
pornographically~pornographically
finance's~finance's
nitre's~nitre de
disarrange~disarrange
racist's~de racistes
handicaps~handicaps
appositives~appositives
metres~mètres
crawling~crawling
Osiris~Osiris
papoose's~Papoose de
brazening~brazening
unfetter~libérer
GUI's~GUI
Crosby's~Crosby
Guerra~Guerra
Sparks's~Sparks de
serveries~comptoirs de service
Napier~Napier
sociopolitical~socio-politique
Tabitha~Tabitha
haunter's~de haunter
upstages~upstages
transplantation~transplantation
counterinsurgencies~counterinsurgencies
Cuisinart's~de Cuisinart
Barbra's~Barbra de
repercussion~répercussion
intellectual~intellectuel
refunded~remboursé
stretching~étirage
playbook's~PlayBook de
upmost~le plus haut
stallion~étalon
maple~érable
cablegram~câblogramme
portending~présages
hypoglycemic~hypoglycémiant
Skopje's~Skopje de
ireful~coléreux
molecular~moléculaire
courteous~courteous
Eurydice~Eurydice
polyethylene's~polyéthylène de
traversal~traversal
brander~brander
lectured~donné des conférences
congas~congas
boner's~Boner de
ditherer~ditherer
centred~centré
equitable~equitable
elates~elates
incipience~commencement
subcategory~sous-catégorie
naphtha's~de naphta
hopping~hopping
cricket~cricket
lift~ascenseur
runt's~de avorton
trios~trios
nincompoop's~nigaud de
loathe~détester
informative~informatif
fleeces~fleeces
applicator~applicateur
square~carré
uvulars~uvulars
orientating~orientation
commandants~commandants
singleton's~singleton de
victoriously~victorieusement
eviscerating~eviscerating
allegiance~allégeance
unspecified~non spécifié
nonmigratory~non migratrice
vineyard's~vignoble de
externalises~externalises
Penny's~Penny
prognosticators~pronostiqueurs
Burmese's~birmane de
unconsummated~unconsummated
thunks~thunks
Heston's~Heston de
decibel~decibel
Schick's~Schick de
compensating~compenser
wader's~échassier de
McVeigh's~McVeigh de
hypnosis~hypnose
Ramsey's~Ramsey
Galatians~Galates
vivified~vivifié
anticked~anticked
misogamist's~misogamist de
gravitation~gravitation
dig~dig
exhortations~exhortations
snakebite~snakebite
amputating~amputer
drachma's~drachma's
misogamy's~misogamie de
deflects~deflects
filibustered~filibustered
nutting~Nutting
afoot~à pied
Witt's~Witt de
puree's~purée de
clunker's~de vieux tas de ferraille
pandemics~pandémies
Chiquita~Chiquita
Innocent's~innocent
coolness~coolness
burglaries~cambriolages
inlets~entrées
acetonic~acétonique
reteach~reteach
Beelzebub~Belzébuth
meadowlark~meadowlark
dinosaur~dinosaur
Quasimodo~Quasimodo
thickeners~épaississants
Keith's~KEITH
Mass~Masse
remortgage~réhypothéquer
Tran~Tran
warrior's~guerrier de
waybills~connaissements
diversely~diversely
daters~daters
limps~boite
repertoire's~son répertoire
stops~arrêts
pyjama~pyjama
honeycombing~honeycombing
Mario~Mario
Hopper's~Hopper
spates~crues
disdain~disdain
leakage's~de fuite
sloppier~sloppier
booger~crotte de nez
televise~téléviser
prevent~prévenir
kines~Kines
dehydrator~dehydrator
war~guerre
savouriness~sapidité
shagginess's~de shagginess
c~c
speechlessness~aphasie
Ingres's~Entrée
insecure~peu sûr
fives~fives
untitled~sans titre
notifier~notificateur
tabooing~tabouisation
ninetieth~ninetieth
privateer~corsaire
forswear~forswear
laundryman~blanchisseur
rumourmongers~rumeurs:
Higgins~Higgins
weakling~faible
expletives~expletives
Zeffirelli~Zeffirelli
sodas~boissons gazeuses
Ila's~Ila de
volute's~volute de
promiscuously~pêle-mêle
Mongolic's~Mongolic de
kidnapped~kidnappé
equitation's~equitation's
tester~testeur
colonisation's~la colonisation de
independently~indépendamment
threateningly~menaçantes
contuses~contuses
wordplay's~de jeux de mots
chequer~vérificateur
inevitable's~est inévitable
symposium's~colloque de
picky~pointilleux
sheepishly~honteusement
Wilkinson's~Wilkinson
sail~voile
Steele~Steele
ironmonger~minerai de fer
imperviously~étanche
grackle's~grackle's
authenticate~authentifier
oblation's~oblation de
gulper~gulper
ton~tonne
interjected~intervint
Andrei~Andrei
shoelace~lacet
judiciary's~système judiciaire de
oftenest~le plus souvent
insouciance~insouciance
ennoble~ennoble
yearlies~yearlies
Marat's~Marat
interim~intérimaire
Gaussian~gaussienne
lorn~Lorn
toeing~toeing
Surabaya~Surabaya
Antonia's~Antonia
torpor~torpeur
Hiss's~Années Hiss
episodes~episodes
unclad~nu
letups~letups
Haldane~Haldane
greenery's~greenery's
Yuletides~Yuletides
junipers~genévriers
waybill's~de waybill
shenanigan's~Années Shenanigan
disparaging~disparaging
ablest~plus habile
monarchical~monarchique
disconcertingly~disconcertingly
scrapped~mis au rebut
comfort~confort
gatherer's~gatherer's
schemer's~intrigant de
Wonderbra's~Wonderbra de
Scopes~Scopes
impersonating~emprunte l'identité
Stoppard~Stoppard
rehabilitation's~réhabilitation de
accumulating~accumuler
Hodgkin~Hodgkin
knits~tricote
piercings~piercings
starfishes~starfishes
Stamford~Stamford
Vanderbilt~Vanderbilt
shopper~client
bluesy~bluesy
feminising~feminising
combine~combiner
bloodletting~saignée
typos~fautes de frappe
Marjorie's~Marjorie
hoecake~hoecake
tenantry~ensemble de locataires
godlier~godlier
shoving~bousculades
illustrators~illustrateurs
survivalist's~Survivant de
assigned~attribué
dooms~dooms
junkie~junkie
notation's~notation de
headhunter~chasseur de têtes
squeezing~pressant
sanctifying~sanctifiante
impressed~impressionné
robs~Robs
castration's~la castration de
Odessa~Odessa
receptiveness's~de réceptivité
Myrna's~Myrna de
disposable's~disposable's
Josef's~Josef de
downsizing's~downsizing's
slickness~slickness
thaws~dégèle
podded~écossés
doubted~doubted
Vandyke's~vandyke de
invertebrates~invertébrés
tamarack's~Tamarack de
network's~réseau de
maritally~maritalement
misquoting~Misquoting
anthropoid~anthropoïde
pagers~téléavertisseurs
biracial~biracial
doomsayer's~doomsayer's
timer's~minuterie de
arbitrators~arbitres
dynamiters~dynamiters
Cromwell's~Cromwell
pigtails~pigtails
quietening~calmer
sideshow~attraction
mutilator's~de mutilateur
Elvia's~Elvia de
febrile~febrile
elopes~elopes
galoots~galoots
mimes~pantomimes
ISBN~ISBN
barneys~Barneys
tear~larme
jig~gigue
cutlass~cutlass
footbridges~footbridges
fancifulness's~fancifulness's
Iblis~Iblis
undulating~ondulant
Isuzu~Isuzu
Bradly~Bradly
vamooses~vamooses
estuaries~estuaries
tbsp~c
ibex's~bouquetin de
transatlantic~transatlantique
rapier~rapière
pedestrians~piétons
cheerers~cheerers
lineage's~lignée de
subvert~subvertir
finales~finales
aniline's~aniline de
literates~alphabétisés
inflexibility~rigidité
expenditures~expenditures
unequivocal~sans équivoque
abutment~butée
supersaturate~sursaturer
totals~totaux
acupuncturist's~acupuncteur de
rampages~saccages
hero's~héros de
appears~apparaît
payers~payeurs
pekineses~pekineses
scalp's~le cuir chevelu de
rancidity's~de rancissement
transcribe~transcrire
master~maîtriser
shatters~vole en éclats
treasuring~chérissant
tune~régler
hangovers~hangovers
eggshell's~eggshell's
Communism~communisme
usher~huissier
Ethel~Ethel
pap's~pap de
anglicise~angliciser
facility~facility
osteoarthritis~l'arthrose
beriberi's~béribéri de
Goethe~Goethe
numerologists~numerologists
mountebanks~bateleurs
moped's~cyclomoteur de
stimulation~stimulation
relaunched~relancée
lappet~revers
Monsanto's~Monsanto
cacklers~cacklers
noels~Noels
squashiest~squashiest
dative's~dative's
Mansfield's~Mansfield
punctuation's~de la ponctuation
metalworker~ouvrier métallurgiste
dugout~dugout
stump~souche
ionizer~ioniseur
equines~equines
fortnight~fortnight
phobic's~phobique de
Leonidas's~Leonidas de
photostatting~photostatting
coordination~coordination
wolves~loups
Zionists~sionistes
purebreds~pur-sang
scolded~gronder
repelled~repoussait
dolphins~dolphins
reel's~bobine de
lockable~verrouillable
wetback's~wetback de
pantheism~panthéisme
extirpate~extirpate
overreact~réagir de façon excessive
publisher~éditeur
repackaging~remballage
winger~ailier
catharsis~catharsis
Strauss's~Strauss
berths~couchettes
previously~précédemment
Latvia's~Lettonie de
moonshine~alcool de contrebande
imperially~impérialement
marketeer~marketeur
rashers~rashers
tent's~tente de
encomium's~encomium's
virulently~virulemment
rednecks~rednecks
namely~à savoir
fairyland~fairyland
Attic's~Grenier de
nightwear~vêtement de nuit
chewy~moelleuse
Wedgwood's~Années Wedgwood
waitresses~serveuses
offprint's~offprint de
jarful's~jarful de
ganja~ganja
cauldron's~chaudron
explains~explains
Tass's~Tass de
Lea~Lea
purser's~purser de
parenthetic~placé entre parenthèse
helipad~héliport
gestures~gestures
Hawaiian's~de Hawaï
upward~ascendant
stratifies~stratifie
Nike's~Nike
democratise~democratise
Baeyer's~Baeyer de
honeymoons~lunes de miel
brasher~Brasher
UNICEF~UNICEF
stacks~piles
overwinters~hiverne
truckloads~camions
hookworms~ankylostomes
slapped~giflé
tailgated~tailgated
querulous~récriminateur
motorcycled~motorcycled
davits~davits
onyx~onyx
inveiglers~inveiglers
kaleidoscopically~kaléidoscopique
visor~visière
Nannie~Nannie
wiglets~wiglets
Asmara~Asmara
guano's~guano's
beryl~béryl
irresolutely~irrésolu
babblers~discoureurs
Buchwald~Buchwald
headquartered~dont le siège social
depoliticise~depoliticise
spell's~du sort
Roseann~Roseann
Gayle's~Gayle de
Amerindian's~amérindiennes de
pool's~piscine de
Knox's~Knox
follicle~follicle
McKinney's~McKinney de
cote~cote
pronounces~prononce
consistories~consistoires
goatskin's~goatskin's
outscores~supplante
impetus's~impulsion de
Lauder~Lauder
Randy~Excité
nookie~Nookie
seclude~isoler
Jocasta's~Jocaste de
butchers~bouchers
verges~accotements
NSFW~NSFW
enquire~enquire
earphone~earphone
sureties~cautions
dramatist~dramatist
lacquering~laquage
unopened~non ouvert
Taine~Taine
flaw~flaw
destabilised~destabilised
striated~strié
zingiest~zingiest
babel~babel
Godot's~Godot de
deduct~deduct
miffs~miffs
bodice~corsage
wholesale's~WHOLESALE
Slovene's~slovène de
potash's~de la potasse
lilacs~lilacs
surfacing~revêtement
trabecula~trabéculum
dins~dins
read's~lire de
promptness~promptitude
tiresomely~fâcheusement
mangroves~mangroves
elves~elves
Melendez's~Melendez de
Keokuk's~Keokuk de
benignant~bienfaisant
malefaction~malefaction
steeple's~clocher de
Dawes's~Années Dawes
poorhouse's~de poorhouse
solidarity's~la solidarité des
Zanuck~Zanuck
Tetons's~Années Tetons
Zephyrus's~Zéphyr de
eructing~eructing
Cayenne's~Cayenne de
Rothko's~Rothko
exceeded~exceeded
USAF~US Air Force
slaw~salade de choux
plundering~pillage
tipsier~tipsier
sieves~tamis
unlimbered~unlimbered
senescent~sénescence
department's~department's
partner's~les partenaires
attachment~attachement
chronically~chronique
Timex's~Timex
singe's~flambage de
paperhanger's~de tapissier
hassle~tracas
Unix~Unix
fellowmen~fellowmen
unfiltered~non filtrée
plateaued~plateaued
bloodstock's~de Bloodstock
encrypting~encrypting
chirrups~chirrups
antipasti~antipasti
escallops~escallops
loggerhead's~caouanne de
fable~fable
aftershaves~aftershaves
receptively~réceptivement
coaling~charbonnage
logically~logiquement
spectra~spectres
negro~nègre
trolley's~chariot de
strait~détroit
cribs~cribs
quoin~coin
levitating~léviter
placket~patte
Correggio~Corrège
lighters~briquets
butt's~bout de
iceboat's~de char à glace
cumulonimbus~cumulonimbus
karate's~karaté de
sarky~Sarky
Elliott~Elliott
duster's~duster's
fluoridation~fluoridation
remorse's~de remords
terrarium's~terrarium de
Marissa~Marissa
prospered~prospérait
hostiles~hostiles
microprocessor's~Le microprocesseur
Mable~Mable
Keynes's~Années Keynes
puncher~perforateur
mending's~de travaux de réparation
perspective~la perspective
aspirant's~aspirant de
daydream~daydream
jaundiced~désapprobateur
Romulus's~Années Romulus
definer's~definer's
lathes~tours
denatures~denatures
defoliating~defoliating
gladiolas~gladiolas
point's~points
fife's~fife's
waterway's~cours d'eau de
premiership's~de Premiership
schoolmarms~schoolmarms
popgun's~Popgun de
looter~pillard
libertarians~libertaires
Kristi's~Kristi de
erysipelas's~erysipelas's
Sioux's~Sioux de
flawlessness~flawlessness
suckered~dupé
Elsa~Elsa
hypnotic~hypnotique
quantity~quantité
shabbier~shabbier
disintegrate~disintegrate
buckle's~boucles
Utopians~Utopians
Nicosia's~Nicosie de
circumcises~circoncit
Unilever's~Unilever de
overstayed~overstayed
razorback~Razorback
Contreras's~Années Contreras
crinkliest~crinkliest
protegees~protegees
ministration~ministration
skews~skews
gadolinium~gadolinium
crooners~crooners
taskmaster's~de taskmaster
pensioner's~retraité de
deejay's~deejay's
UK's~Royaume-Uni de
repainted~repeint
relentless~implacable
lung~poumon
juggernaut's~mastodonte de
exorbitance's~exorbitance's
grounder~grounder
Vermont~Vermont
fragrances~fragrances
psychotically~psychotique
syrup's~sirop de
bobolinks~bobolinks
fatherless~fatherless
gene's~gene's
objurgations~objurgations
disclose~disclose
hanging~hanging
rightsizes~rightsizes
deception's~deception's
therapists~thérapeutes
brain's~cerveaux
stammers~balbutie
recopy~recopiez
umpteenth~énième
Scopes's~scopes de
systematises~systématise
initiated~initié
leaked~fuite
supplest~le plus souple
rarebit~rarebit
imbibing~imbibition
idiosyncrasy's~idiosyncrasie de
timpani~timbales
assn~assn
bidder's~soumissionnaire de
derivation's~derivation's
volatilises~volatilise
tang~soie
Pu's~Pus
galosh's~galosh's
modulators~modulateurs
ashlars~ashlars
sheaves~réas
slimming's~minceur de
bentwood~bentwood
cabinetmakers~menuisiers
increment~incrément
turnover~rotation
residua~residua
cupboard~cupboard
varietals~varietals
riven~déchiré
Merthiolate~merthiolate
brigantines~brigantines
nurturers~nourricières
hefty~lourd
ferocity~ferocity
Pen's~Des stylos
pistillate~pistil
sailboarder~véliplanchiste
concentrations~concentrations
outshines~surpasse
leash~laisse
typify~caractériser
beefburger's~burgers au boeuf
knobby~noueux
spiffy~épatant
parsimoniously~parcimonieusement
hocks~jarrets
religiosity~religiosité
loathers~loathers
gruesomeness's~gruesomeness's
reenters~reenters
sublimating~sublimant
internet~l'Internet
cameo's~camée de
ceramists~céramistes
breakwater~digue
barometric~barométrique
ignoramus~ignorant
Francis's~de Francis
Oshkosh~Oshkosh
servomotors~servomoteurs
sufficient~suffisant
waistcoat~gilet
gory~gory
suttee~satî
elephants~elephants
flipped~flipped
topaz~topaze
Castillo~Castillo
Vivienne's~Vivienne de
fleshiest~fleshiest
sequestrate~saisir
competency~compétence
dizzying~dizzying
explosively~explosively
horizontal's~horizontal de
fifteen~fifteen
interred~inhumés
gregarious~gregarious
crackup's~crackup's
adjourn~ajourner
meritocracies~méritocraties
Wilford~Wilford
MO~MO
remodel~remodeler
lighthouse's~phare de
ferret~ferret
Fielding's~de Fielding
whirlwind's~tourbillon de
countrywide~countrywide
unscientific~peu scientifique
blowup~exploser
secateurs~sécateur
relegation~relégation
amity~amitié
cutworm~cutworm
quotations~citations
chests~coffres
nought~néant
Pollock~Pollock
Monmouth~Monmouth
hailstones~hailstones
earwig's~earwig's
nabbing~attrapant
apparatchik~apparatchik
neglectfully~négligemment
kid~enfant
Angstrom~Angstrom
hobbler~Clopinel
deckchairs~deckchairs
viaduct~viaduc
exorcist~exorcist
ciceroni~ciceroni
intermarriage~intermariage
peepshow's~Années Peepshow
lifelessness's~de lifelessness
nonaggression~nonaggression
magnetometer's~de magnétomètre
gormless~gormless
blaze~flamber
voters~électeurs
Epistle~Épître
baklava~Baklava
impose~imposer
elixirs~elixirs
Davy~Davy
picket~piquet
coconuts~noix de coco
lifebuoy~bouée de sauvetage
plebe's~plebe de
provably~prouvablement
balloonists~aérostiers
scone~scone
nagger's~enquiquineurs
infighting~luttes intestines
Mari~Mari
notched~entaillé
baas~baas
foams~foams
dovecots~dovecots
Assyrian's~Années assyriens
absenting~absentant
Redford's~Redford de
retrospectively~rétrospectivement
burnish's~redorer son
Muller's~Muller
coupe's~coupe's
crossroad~crossroad
histograms~histogrammes
calyx~calice
Rotterdam's~Rotterdam de
ravenously~voracement
parody~parodie
whupped~whupped
monoliths~monolithes
commissioning~la mise en service
Islamist's~islamiste de
diskettes~diskettes
insufficiency~insuffisance
Almoravid~almoravide
phenomenal~phénoménal
smugly~béatement
contraption's~contraption's
nonvoting~sans droit de vote
repressively~répressivement
shags~shags
comeback~reviens
Pabst~Pabst
superposition~superposition
maintainable~maintenable
sublimity's~sublimité de
Deleon's~Deleon de
monkeyshine~Monkeyshine
taximeter's~de taximètre
pertinacity~opiniâtreté
toxicologist's~de toxicologue
drainpipe~drainpipe
apocalyptic~apocalyptique
megawatts~mégawatts
validating~validation
put~mettre
dilettante~dilettante
sitar~sitar
welshing~welshing
racer~coureur
Ogbomosho's~Ogbomosho de
unclearest~unclearest
associate's~associé de
awn's~Awn de
canonising~canoniser
pinstripe's~Années pinstripe
Gerber's~Gerber
Ronny~Ronny
stealthiness's~de furtivité
disarming~disarming
motherfucking~motherfucking
denounced~denounced
croaky~croaky
hooking~crochetage
qualifying~qualificatif
Kasai~Kasai
lustrous~lustré
breve's~de breve
twiddly~Twiddly
petitioned~pétitionné
those~ceux
perfusion~perfusion
Almoravid's~almoravide de
swankier~swankier
sogginess~sogginess
jackdaw~choucas
jujitsu's~jujitsu de
Floridan~floridan
hydrate~hydrater
trematodes~trématodes
verbenas~verveines
expression~expression
Dillon~Dillon
burglar~cambrioleur
parochially~chauvine
quarry~carrière
prevaricated~prévariqué
goat~goat
librettist's~librettiste de
bloused~blousant
chinning~chinning
simpering~minaudant
remortgaged~réhypothéqué
congests~congestionne
centrally~centralisée
foresighted~foresighted
Ijsselmeer~Ijsselmeer
overeating~trop manger
oversold~survendu
unsanctioned~non sanctionné
ramekin~ramequin
ungodliest~ungodliest
deposes~deposes
forsythia's~forsythia's
Chaucer~Chaucer
royal~Royal
Joycean's~de joyciens
Mathewson's~Mathewson de
uses~les usages
demurral~demurral
Harare~Harare
technicality~technicité
gained~gained
tons~tonnes
stationing~cantonnement
outgoing~sortant
mythologists~mythologues
homemaker's~de femme au foyer
jobbers~tâcherons
defoliants~defoliants
contemplate~contemplate
signage's~la signalisation de
states~États
unite~unir
scholarships~Bourses d'études
reevaluates~réévalue
featherbedding~featherbedding
emulsifier~emulsifier
reparation~réparation
stairwell~cage d'escalier
Tomas's~Tomas de
gooier~gooier
crassness~crassness
attributed~attribué
Rand~Rand
associated~associé
terabytes~téraoctets
slanting~oblique
coal~charbon
later~plus tard
globetrotters~globetrotters
administrated~administrée
diphthongs~diphthongs
outboast~outboast
signposts~panneaux d'affichage
posthaste~à toute vitesse
hardhat~hardhat
sailboarder's~de véliplanchiste
PX~PX
seaports~ports maritimes
inefficiency's~l'inefficacité de
uniqueness~unicité
blarneying~blarneying
novelises~novelises
immigrate~immigrer
pettily~petitement
proliferation's~prolifération de
promenaded~promené
memorial's~mémoire de
deferral~deferral
robber~voleur
indirectness~indirectness
recapture's~reprendre son
surfing~surfant
upon~sur
rayon~rayonne
principal~principal
nonstandard~non standard
Yeltsin's~Eltsine
rapeseed~colza
prototype~prototype
baseball's~base-ball
disciplinarian~disciplinarian
treatments~traitements
overexertion~overexertion
charm's~charme de
disorderliness~disorderliness
hora's~hora de
auditor~Auditeur
eyeballing~eyeballing
milf's~MILF
shill~shill
attacker~attaquant
crinkled~crinkled
Faye's~Faye de
rafter~chevron
COBOL's~COBOL de
supervisor's~sUPERVISEUR
verrucae~verrucae
Wimbledon~Wimbledon
condenses~condense
ecol~ecol
rebuffs~rebuffades
proceedings~procédure
Protestant's~protestant de
blenching~blenching
patently~manifestement
sportscast~sportscast
blinkered~œillères
codicil~codicille
smouldered~couvé
blithesome~joyeux
saute's~faire sauter de
badman~homme mauvais
Head~Tête
mentors~mentors
Achaean~Achaïe
procession~procession
quaintness~pittoresque
flint~flint
colloquy~colloque
tricolour's~tricolores de
Artemis~Artemis
bulletin~bulletin
lump's~forfaitaire de
radioscopy's~radioscopie de
timpani's~Années timbales
bonobo~bonobo
research~recherche
undid~défaisait
strobe~stroboscope
xterm's~xterm de
right~droite
umlauts~trémas
appendices~annexes
coach~entraîneur
bomber~bombardier
freakiest~freakiest
crassly~crassly
heater's~chauffage de
precedents~précédents
blackballed~blackboulé
Yggdrasil's~Années Yggdrasil
shift~décalage
boathouse~hangar à bateaux
scrappiest~scrappiest
chaps~chaps
Wales~Pays de Galles
Mensa's~Mensa de
obtusest~obtusest
dogwood's~dogwood's
Sears~Sears
easily~easily
privet's~Années troènes
Rufus~Rufus
boatloads~des bateaux pleins
historiographers~historiographes
brainy~intelligent
Cronus's~Cronos de
tiered~à plusieurs niveaux
Rowe~Rowe
aspirin~aspirine
patrolman's~patrouilleur des années
mamas~mamas
Liberians~Libériens
leonine~léonin
hook's~crochet de
frank's~frank's
Unionist~Unioniste
sedatest~sedatest
parcel's~parcelle de
Comdr~Comdr
heating's~chauffage de
neatening~neatening
pretend~faire semblant
valuer's~valuer de
spavin's~spavin de
machine~machine
preserved~conservé
Zanzibar~Zanzibar
Novosibirsk~Novossibirsk
playbill~programme de théâtre
wholesomely~wholesomely
expansive~expansive
Dooley's~Dooley
smoggier~smoggier
adamant's~de Adamant
wolfhound's~de lévrier
trowing~trowing
rip~déchirure
precaution's~précaution de
pertness's~Années Pertness
Rossetti's~Rossetti de
assayer~essayeur
suasion's~de suasion
BITNET~BITNET
pauperism~paupérisme
reseeded~réensemencer
dumbo~dumbo
donor~donor
joyousness's~de joyousness
sizer~sizer
nonpersons~nonpersons
Pekingese's~Années Pékinois
geochemistry's~geochemistry's
propulsive~propulsif
unpleasing~déplaisante
catharses~cathartiques
rainmaker's~Rainmaker de
cowing~cowing
implore~implorer
creakiness's~creakiness's
halogen~halogen
wailers~Wailers
bins~bacs
exorcism~exorcism
copyrighted~copyrighted
termini~termini
assists~aide
fuzzy~fuzzy
dehumidified~dehumidified
versification's~versification de
booster's~rappel de
embrasure~embrasure
witted~esprit vif
flogging~flogging
Richelieu's~Richelieu
ragout~ragoût
handing~handing
complimentary~gracieux
crapshooter's~crapshooter's
argyle's~Années argyle
curricula~curricula
obsessively~obsessionnelle
corncrake~corncrake
verbalisation's~verbalisations de
Lyman's~Lyman
leaning~penché
rioter~émeutier
vulgarian's~Années vulgarian
pilfers~escamote
rituals~rituels
prejudicing~portant préjudice
distributed~distributed
cosmological~cosmological
ceremonial~cérémonial
unstrung~détendu
soaps~savons
breadbox~boite à pain
hedgehogs~hérissons
sled~traîneau
baksheesh's~bakchich de
kilocycle's~kilohertz de
sissy's~Sissy de
squad~équipe
salting~salaison
subtractions~soustractions
anatomises~anatomises
tinnier~tinnier
diminished~diminished
BM's~BM de
browbeats~rudoie
newsdealer~marchand de journaux
kismet's~Kismet de
alpine~alpin
Salween~Salween
gaffer~gaffer
crashes~crashes
Autumn~L'automne
madmen~des hommes fous
combos~combos
roman~romain
unruliness~indocilité
prejudicial~préjudiciable
starfish's~Années étoiles de mer
cyclops~cyclops
moppet's~de moppet
preliminary's~pRÉLIMINAIRE
retailer's~du détaillant
gossiping~gossiping
osmium's~de l'osmium
rises~monte
Kharkov~Kharkov
infancy~enfance
fusses~fusses
Yorkshire~Yorkshire
facet~facet
exile~exile
unfeelingly~inesthétique
phallocentrism~phallocentrisme
receptive~réceptif
Penn's~Penn
toughness~dureté
neon's~néon de
landfill's~de décharge
greenbelt's~greenbelt's
cytologists~cytologists
sterilises~stérilise
intended's~INTENTIONNELLE
checkpoints~postes de contrôle
peculating~peculating
seedbeds~lits de semences
Fredrick's~Fredrick de
expurgating~expurgating
array's~du tableau
rater's~noteur de
recall~rappel
sewers~les égouts
frangibility's~frangibility's
Pandora's~Pandora
protein's~de protéines
Francis~Francis
stance's~position de
Greta's~Greta de
allusions~allusions
Angoras~angoras
cassava~manioc
Strong~Fort
antechamber's~de préchambre
jaw's~mâchoires
crank's~crank's
sculptresses~sculptrices
garaging~garaging
jinrikishas~jinrikishas
Roscoe's~Roscoe
Huntley~Huntley
marlinespike's~marlinespike de
cosine's~cosine's
swirl's~sWIRL
revolutionise~révolutionner
marvelled~émerveillait
carefuller~carefuller
metadata~métadonnées
melamine's~mélamine de
schoolmasters~maîtres d'école
lobe~lobe
debated~debated
countenanced~countenanced
skyline's~ligne d'horizon de
cubits~cubits
controvertible~controvertible
Pahlavi~Pahlavi
amp's~ampli de
unaccountably~unaccountably
Kramer's~Kramer
macrame's~macramé de
corny~corny
peelers~éplucheurs
pleasingly~agréablement
alumna~ancienne élève
lordliness's~de majesté
bicyclist's~cycliste de
caveman~Homme des cavernes
chancres~chancres
dobro~dobro
paychecks~fiche de paye
horoscopes~horoscopes
lifter's~lifter de
sparer~Sparer
Bela~Bela
cascade~Cascade
depicts~depicts
copilot's~copilot's
baize~tapis
signatory's~du signataire
Jonson~Jonson
exactness's~exactness's
noblewoman~noble
holistic~holistique
pressingly~par pression
leaded~plomb
doubloon~doubloon
dealing~dealing
holler~brailler
Tasmania~Tasmanie
yardarm's~de vergue
Levis~Lévi's
wrongdoer~malfaiteur
Fitzpatrick~Fitzpatrick
vinegary~acidulé
Congressional~Congrès
Cecelia's~Cecelia de
henna's~henna de
yarns~fils
foresaw~foresaw
share~partager
cliffhangers~cliffhangers
ashier~ashier
astronomically~astronomiquement
passageway~passage
narcissism's~narcissisme de
homemaking~ménagère
blonds~Blondes
maisonette~Maisonette
admiral~amiral
typhoon~typhon
qualifier's~qualification de
northwesterly~nord-ouest
ratepayers~contribuables
Fomalhaut's~Fomalhaut de
contacting~contacting
perturb~perturber
rooftop~toit
euthanasia~euthanasia
lither~Lither
starbursts~starbursts
Aztecs~Aztèques
hibernating~hiberner
adviser's~conseiller de
twaddles~sornettes
deleverage~deleverage
looking~recherche
canniest~canniest
pantaloons~pantalon
imbalances~déséquilibres
telegraphy's~télégraphie de
hilts~pommeaux
agrarianism's~de agrarianisme
schnoz's~schnoz de
consisted~composait
encircling~encircling
captivation~captivation
toastiest~toastiest
penthouses~penthouses
translator's~Traducteur de
frothiness's~frothiness's
award~prix
retest~retest
Denmark's~du Danemark
rescission's~rescision de
insolvable~insolvables
resoling~ressemelage
midshipman~aspirant
shake~secouer
litigator~plaideur
James's~Années James
faeces's~faeces's
adulate~aduler
madras~Madras
secular~séculier
combustion~la combustion
poorhouses~hospices
ANSIs~ZINS
resuscitates~réanime
metatarsal~métatarsien
crabgrass~crabgrass
coldest~le plus froid
tercentennials~tercentennials
unhinged~détraqués
serration~dentelure
hijacking's~détournement d'avion de
recession~récession
synonymy's~synonymie de
passionate~passionné
Sicilian~Sicile
beefiest~beefiest
backslider's~de relaps
misdeed~méfait
twig~brindille
tumbledown~délabré
Hormel's~Hormel de
familiarising~familiarising
Radcliffe's~Radcliffe
punctilious~pointilleux
collocate's~colloquer de
Agra's~Agra de
denouements~denouements
Coimbatore's~Coimbatore de
leer's~leer de
echolocation~echolocation
sheer's~de pure
relative's~les proches
stratagem's~de stratagèmes
distinctiveness's~distinctiveness's
car~voiture
denominator~denominator
lucubrated~lucubrated
snarfing~snarfing
Mumbai~Mumbai
squawking~piaillement
backsides~backsides
compulsion's~contrainte de
Drudge~Peiner
carbs~glucides
tightly~fermement
participation~participation
farted~farted
priapic~priapic
Kalashnikov~Kalachnikov
Ionian~Ionienne
docks~docks
aggravation's~aggravation de
grabbers~grabbers
overcame~vainquit
hunchbacks~bossus
muscularity's~de muscularity
magnificent~magnifique
footsore~footsore
Zulu's~Zulu de
brilliancy~éclat
birdhouse's~maisons d'oiseaux
turning's~de tourner
folkway's~folkway's
intensest~plus intense
carpi~Carpi
asymmetric~asymétrique
blubbery~blubbery
surprising~surprenant
ledge~rebord
terrifyingly~épouvantablement
Tiffany~Tiffany
snoopy~snoopy
fusillades~fusillades
Cuban's~de Cuba
Wimbledon's~Wimbledon de
Baeria~Baeria
approve~approuver
pillowslip~taie d'oreiller
transplants~greffes
flameproofed~flameproofed
socialist~socialiste
amaretto~Amaretto
snowboards~planches à neige
exhaustion's~exhaustion's
courage~courage
Pasteur's~Pasteur
verso's~verso de
stratus~stratus
crossbows~crossbows
dunging~dunging
crustiest~crustiest
overthinking~penser trop
senator~sénateur
heaving~déchaussement
reentering~reentering
reweds~reweds
redactor~rédacteur
presciently~prescience
disembarked~disembarked
Latins~Latins
bougainvillea's~de bougainvilliers
pelmets~lambrequins
burnishes~polis
druggies~druggies
civility~civilité
delve~delve
donkeys~donkeys
encumbering~encumbering
excluded~excluded
diagnostically~diagnostically
resoundingly~retentissante
Metternich~Metternich
dauphins~dauphins
sukiyaki~Sukiyaki
scroungiest~scroungiest
inertness's~inertie de
shires~Shires
processing~En traitement
emulations~emulations
Rourke~Rourke
dodo~dodo
insincerity's~de mauvaise foi
guider's~guider's
jellyfish's~années méduses
marbleise~marbleise
pressurises~pressurise
regrind~rebroyé
stepmom~belle-mère
golf's~golf's
underfeed~sous-alimenter
continental~continental
technology~La technologie
freethinker~freethinker
continual~continual
middleweight~moyens
straddled~chevauchait
Weddell~Weddell
piecrust~piecrust
retying~Renouer
achievement~réussite
emos~emos
bleacher~blancheur
meatloaves~pains de viande
terminator~terminator
raider~raider
highhanded~cavalière
O'Connor's~O'Connor
ormolu's~Années bronze doré
reflect~réfléchir
Jewry~communauté juive
informants~informateurs
Russell's~Russell
internist~interniste
treachery~traîtrise
Bulganin~Boulganine
overestimates~surestimations
colourfulness's~de truculence
perambulations~déambulations
Banting's~Banting
standard~la norme
disobliges~disobliges
businessmen~les hommes d'affaires
levity's~de légèreté
qt~qt
bodysuit's~justaucorps de
exult~exult
octave~octave
Irisher~Irisher
preshrinks~preshrinks
peck's~picorer de
darkest~darkest
hillbilly's~hillbilly de
Candace~Candace
safety's~la sécurité de
Dianna~Dianna
ambidextrously~ambidextrously
sploshed~sploshed
ingredient~ingrédient
faddists~faddists
circumferences~circonférences
reconfirming~reconfirmant
Cherie~Cherie
nymphomaniac's~nymphomane de
bamboozle~embobiner
nerd~ballot
Baal's~Baal de
fiance~fiance
dishevelment~dishevelment
unrehearsed~unrehearsed
guider~guider
disafforesting~disafforesting
bosomy~bosomy
disembodiment's~disembodiment's
obstructiveness~obstructiveness
repent~se repentir
essentials~essentials
throwaway~jeter
break's~pause de
amazing~incroyable
pushiness's~de arrivisme
draggy~draggy
townie's~townie de
furniture's~furniture's
starch~amidon
disbursement's~disbursement's
cackler~Cackler
fiats~fiats
repetitiveness's~de répétitivité
aesthetics's~esthétique de
treasuries~bons du Trésor
inflecting~infléchissant
Oktoberfest~Oktoberfest
tea's~du thé
administrations~administrations
Exxon~Exxon
Nixon's~Nixon
brags~se vante
driveller's~driveller's
myopic~myope
abolitionist's~abolitionniste de
caskets~écrins
Catskills's~Années Catskills
maximal~maximale
sphere~sphère
workman's~ouvrier de
catkin's~Années chatons
toiletry~cosmétique
Haskell's~Haskell
misjudging~méjuger
deceives~deceives
clotheshorse~vetements de cheval
mimicker's~Années mimicker
endearing~endearing
sloop's~sloop de
maims~mutile
brutishness's~de abrutissement
desegregate~desegregate
pseudosciences~pseudosciences
parabolas~parábolas
Nottingham~Nottingham
moreover~de plus
penury~pénurie
crawliest~crawliest
nonintoxicating~nonintoxicating
bricklayer~maçon
flatly~flatly
coffeecake's~coffeecake de
physicist's~pHYSICIENS
stumbler's~de stumbler
seismographic~sismographique
Zeffirelli's~Zeffirelli de
lowness's~de bassesses
mooing~meuglement
chicanery~chicanerie
droplet~droplet
dandle~dandle
Zsigmondy's~Zsigmondy de
churlishly~bourru
Sandra's~de Sandra
zealotry~fanatisme
scenario's~scénario de
prep~préparation
academics~universitaires
Kannada's~kannada de
putrefaction~putréfaction
Usenets~Usenets
revenue~revenu
invariables~invariables
unobtrusive~discret
rathskeller~Rathskeller
debauchees~debauchees
Deana~Deana
reptile~reptile
slouched~avachi
lank~grêle
Olmec's~olmèque de
diplomat~diplomat
disparately~disparately
tummies~tummies
demarcation~demarcation
abortions~avortements
Patrick's~Patrick
experiencing~experiencing
golly~golly
overalls~salopette
diaspora~diaspora
rustiest~rustiest
tropics~des tropiques
source~la source
umbel's~Années ombelles
disparity~disparity
smelliest~smelliest
counterblast~counterblast
supple~souple
Doe's~Est-ce que
frames~frames
snide~sarcastique
comm~comm
overbuilt~overbuilt
antecedent~antécédent
circumstance's~conditions
vesper's~vêpres
evocation's~evocation's
Henrietta~Henrietta
barber~coiffeur
sunburst's~Sunburst de
caviller~ergoteur
mull~réfléchir
Rf~Rf
Callaghan's~Callaghan
id~ça
inverses~inverses
excerpts~excerpts
stews~ragoûts
notarised~notariée
Gena~Gena
disarms~disarms
sixtieth~soixantième
stillness~immobilité
tinkle~tintement
anaesthetic~anesthésique
Galilee's~Galilée de
bobolink's~bobolink de
Atalanta's~Atalanta de
Colosseum's~Colisée de
microprocessors~microprocesseurs
tweeds~tweeds
confiscates~confisquent
snogged~snogged
isometrically~isométriquement
dusters~dusters
convergences~convergences
amalgam's~l'amalgame de
carom~carambolage
syndication's~syndication de
loo~cabinets
banality's~de la banalité
attitudinal~attitudinal
lexicons~lexiques
alley~ruelle
reprogramming~reprogrammation
spider's~araignées
sketching~esquissant
Seconal's~Seconal de
devaluation's~devaluation's
Pascals~pascals
inclusive~compris
Octavia's~Octavia
retaliations~rétorsions
mucks~mucks
doper~doper
louche~Louche
lottery's~loterie de
quiet~silencieux
Root's~Les racines
aquamarines~aquamarines
warehouse~entrepôt
Bruneian~bruneian
tomorrow~demain
fecundity~fecundity
floodwater's~floodwater's
lacquered~laqué
lexicography~lexicographie
axis~axe
taunted~raillé
moll~nana
plumes~plumes
casement's~de fenêtre
termite's~termite de
angels~anges
cataloguer~catalogueur
ethnologist's~ethnologist's
spadeful's~Années pelletée
beanies~tuques
playthings~joujoux
baby~bébé
saltboxes~Saltboxes
renascent~renaissant
overburdens~les morts-terrains
repenting~repentant
seawalls~murs de protection
commencement~commencement
biweekly's~toutes les deux semaines de
Parkman's~Parkman de
atoms~atomes
Obadiah~Abdias
Demosthenes~Démosthène
Tolyatti's~Togliatti de
adviser~conseiller
tams~tams
superannuating~superannuating
monetarism's~de monétarisme
Niebuhr's~Niebuhr de
reticulated~réticulé
Elisha~Elisha
bendier~bendier
DNA's~ADN de
snugging~snugging
mocker's~moqueuse de
dullards~dullards
Rosicrucian~rosicrucienne
unwrapping~déballant
considerately~considerately
militating~militaient
noising~débruitage
windchill's~Windchill de
Mullen's~Mullen de
tallier~Tallier
drum's~drum's
husbandmen~laboureurs
molasses's~de la mélasse
obdurately~obstinément
karaokes~karaokés
neocolonialism~néo-colonialisme
charioteers~cochers
wringers~essoreuses
courtship~courtship
lives~vies
embarrassments~embarrassments
despoilers~despoilers
dozed~dozed
reversed~renversé
adherent~adhérent
townsfolk's~habitants de la ville de
raffia's~raphia de
hermetic~hermétique
intriguer's~de intrigant
zippiest~zippiest
measurable~mesurable
kinetics~cinétique
hyperlinks~hyperliens
liveable~supportable
polestar's~Polestar de
ephedrine's~ephedrine's
aftermarket~après-vente
puberty~la puberté
chewer~chewer
signalman~signaleur
albinism's~albinisme de
Rottweiler's~Rottweiler de
Oriental's~Oriental de
diddlers~diddlers
crossness's~crossness's
ruminated~ruminé
horizons~horizons
harmonising~harmonisateur
commuted~commuée
Quaker's~Quaker de
fluvial~fluvial
Deloris's~Deloris de
educators~educators
rosining~rosining
defensible~defensible
agriculturists~agriculteurs
Delius~Delius
kangaroo's~kangourou de
hammering~hammering
sync~synchroniser
sorry~Pardon
blight~rouille
gladiolus~gladiolus
magical~magique
chided~réprimandé
benumbs~engourdit
recruiting~recrutement
righteousness's~de la justice
spacesuit~scaphandre
outdrew~outdrew
Zamora's~Zamora de
interleave~interfolier
bitters~bitter
sluice~écluse
clumsiness~maladresse
racialist's~de racialist
petitioner's~pétitionnaire de
doyen~doyen
churchwoman~churchwoman
Brandenburg's~Brandenburg de
analysers~analyseurs
crowed~crowed
savageness's~de sauvagerie
itemise~dresser l'inventaire
titian~titian
aspirations~aspirations
nearshore~nearshore
ignominy's~ignominie de
cheesier~cheesier
research's~de la recherche
oceanology's~de océanologie
Ballard~Ballard
gulp~gulp
numeracy's~années calcul
earldoms~earldoms
redo~refaire
Carrie~Carrie
Burgoyne~Burgoyne
concatenating~concaténer
offerings~offres
reductase's~réductase de
Jobs~Emplois
dipsomaniac's~dipsomaniac's
leaguing~liguant
troubled~troublé
Centaurus's~Centaure de
ascensions~ascensions
emitted~emitted
inspecting~inspection
riffraff~racaille
Aelfric's~Aelfric de
toreador's~Toreador de
gout~gout
miscellanies~Miscellanies
solid's~de solides
flirting~flirting
liquid~liquide
chalkiest~chalkiest
surmise~conjecture
prat~imbécile
fitters~fitters
obeisance~révérence
recreant~lâche
abandonment~abandon
exigent~exigent
Crux~Nœud
jive's~jive de
Corey~Corey
ejecting~ejecting
cardamons~cardamons
interpretation~interprétation
interstate's~inter-États de
judgement's~son jugement
barracks~caserne
tabernacle~tabernacle
imprecation's~de imprécation
phylum's~de phylum
handles~handles
yolk~vitellus
atavism~atavisme
chemurgy~Chemurgy
pudgier~pudgier
designation~designation
bunches~bouquets
bleating~bêlement
chimera~chimère
mending~raccommodage
spins~tours
sombreness's~de sombreness
bedsteads~châlits
Nova's~NOVA
western~occidental
biochemist~biochimiste
nonelectrical~non électriques
Rosa's~Rosa de
Meagan~Meagan
polo~polo
Herzl~Herzl
processor~processeur
chronologies~chronologies
Lebesgue~Lebesgue
pouched~pouched
invitational's~de Invitational
imperfects~Imparfaits
relaxants~décontractants
colourised~colorisé
incite~inciter
Zedong's~Zedong
trifled~trifled
mould~moule
tricentennial~tricentenaire
person's~personne de
problems~problèmes
quash~annuler
rebound's~de rebond
curtsying~curtsying
Lois's~Lois de
wrongheaded~buté
molehills~taupinières
singes~Singes
qualify~qualifier
sheaving~mouflage
pureness's~de pureness
spectaculars~superproductions
subalterns~sous-officiers
lira's~lIRA
poured~versé
Turkmenistan's~Le Turkménistan de
aphasics~aphasiques
decoder's~decoder's
hottest~le plus chaud
Islamophobia~islamophobie
bung's~bondon de
Erich's~Erich de
Microsoft~Microsoft
wees~Wees
Yoruba~Yoruba
Confederacy's~Confédération de
acuity~acuité
banzai~Banzai
Bolshevist~bolcheviste
unawareness's~de l'ignorance
putrefying~pourrissant
youth~jeunesse
hying~hying
godchild~godchild
encrustation~encrustation
bestial~bestial
Folgers~Folgers
Dakar~Dakar
Reich's~Reich de
unseemliness's~inconvenance de
boisterousness~boisterousness
bagatelle~bagatelle
frankincense's~frankincense's
rigorously~rigoureusement
halfpennies~halfpennies
acacias~acacias
philanderers~coureurs de jupons
toil~labeur
antifreeze's~de l'antigel
honeymoon~voyage de noces
Randell~Randell
poisonous~toxique
udder~pis
lordship~seigneurie
Britisher~Britannique
alderwomen~alderwomen
reappraisals~remises en question
shapeliness~galbe
geniality~geniality
OAS~OEA
sordidness~saleté
silence~silence
beatings~passages à tabac
symbolising~symbolisant
transfixing~transperçant
crops~crops
annoyances~contrariétés
mummifying~momification
wainscot~lambris
washed~lavé
exhorts~exhorts
chews~mâche
Lucile~Lucile
surrealist~surréaliste
Mormonisms~Mormonisms
blenders~blenders
Donald's~Donald
Capek's~Capek de
entanglement~entanglement
yeastier~yeastier
bicameral~bicaméral
unnoticed~inaperçu
poetics~poétique
fingers~fingers
shoot's~tirer de
hutch's~de huche
macrologies~macrologies
assaying~titrage
splittings~splittings
condescendingly~condescendante
scrod's~Années SCROD
countersign~countersign
cup~cup
insentient~inanimé
Semiramis's~Années Semiramis
Concetta~Concetta
haycock's~Haycock de
Norwegians~Norvégiens
unholiest~unholiest
defencing~defencing
rushed~précipité
apposition~apposition
Chimera's~chimère de
reinspecting~réinspecter
dpt~dpt
cassia~cassia
aniseed's~Années anisées
opposed~opposé
pallbearers~porteurs de cercueil
pew's~Pew de
Zachariah~Zachariah
Deanne's~Deanne de
dearests~dearests
housewives~femmes au foyer
Tegucigalpa's~Tegucigalpa de
regression~régression
worryingly~inquiétant
Deimos~Deimos
quintessences~quintessences
cranny~cranny
acreages~surfaces cultivées
prospective~éventuel
tripled~triplé
insinuation's~insinuations de
particle's~particules de
laurel~laurier
punishingly~punishingly
idealists~idéalistes
Harriet~Harriet
chairmanships~présidences
siestas~siestas
briskness~briskness
resounds~resounds
nonplussing~nonplussing
sociologist's~sociologue de
baselines~lignes de base
accents~accents
ethanol's~ethanol's
mechanises~mechanises
BR~BR
Ramakrishna's~Ramakrishna de
substantiation~justification
subsided~apaisée
coagulant's~coagulant de
grebe's~grebe's
carnality~carnality
mulched~paillé
untidy~désordonné
Thespis's~Thespis de
Mfume's~Mfume de
pray~prier
gemologist~gemologist
zloty's~zloty de
caulk~calfater
screamers~screamers
emporium's~emporium's
sherbets~sorbets
doeskin~doeskin
banished~banni
sycophancy's~de flagornerie
concupiscence's~de la concupiscence
restfulness~restfulness
Kellie's~Kellie de
ionosphere~ionosphère
pervasively~pervasively
jailing~emprisonnant
bestrewn~, semé
pretender's~de pretender
champagne's~champagne de
seek~chercher
guarani's~guarani's
pinkeye~œil rose
seventieth's~Années soixante-dixième
highhandedly~highhandedly
scow~chaland
appetite~appétit
clops~Clops
class~classe
feathering~feathering
metamorphosed~métamorphosés
Skinner's~Skinner
Geronimo's~Geronimo
watermelon's~melon d'eau de
recoverable~restaurable
prearranged~arrangements préalables
dying's~dying's
Mojave~Mojave
satyriasis's~satyriasis de
pimply~boutonneux
detector's~detector's
Keisha's~Keisha de
lac~lac
tastily~savoureusement
unsealing~descellement
grammar's~grammar's
Hollerith's~Hollerith de
whirligig's~whirligig de
neoconservatives~néoconservateurs
spreadsheet's~tableur de
forgoers~forgoers
shay's~shay de
sweethearts~sweethearts
cessions~cessions
forwarder~forwarder
silty~limoneux
buccaneering~flibuste
Bearnaise's~béarnaise de
importers~importateurs
Bengal's~Bengale de
fop~fop
deathblow's~deathblow's
fortresses~fortresses
rudiment~rudiments
starker~Starker
Brian's~de Brian
alliterated~alliterated
linted~linted
Vila's~Vila de
praetors~préteurs
spokespersons~porte-parole
grooms~grooms
rented~loué
banked~mis en banque
wedgie's~de wedgie
trustees~curateurs
Bilbo's~Bilbo de
quadrillion's~quadrillions de
rucksack's~sac à dos de
sodden~détrempé
frocks~frocks
myocardial~du myocarde
militarised~militarisée
om's~OM
discursively~discursively
fragrance's~fragrance's
yobbos~yobbos
scriveners~scriveners
diastase~diastase
worldly~mondain
windowing~fenêtrage
relied~compté
confiscate~confisquer
monolith~monolithe
primate~primate
Alabama's~Alabama de
vivisecting~vivisectant
portent's~de mauvais augure
asserting~affirmant
tranquillisers~tranquilisants
nonprofessionals~non professionnels
Seville's~Séville de
forfeit~forfeit
margarita's~margarita de
bayous~bayous
unmannerly~discourtois
activism's~activisme de
pledge's~engagement de
gutsiest~gutsiest
resounding~retentissant
dieters~dieters
procreated~procréé
underfloor~sol
hygiene~hygiène
molester's~de molester
treadmills~tapis roulants
botulism~botulisme
unsettle~ébranler
lifelong~de toujours
Eysenck~Eysenck
spearfished~spearfished
mesons~mésons
treaties~traités
panoramas~panoramas
artist~artiste
conceal~cacher
Galsworthy~Galsworthy
sorceress's~magicienne de
snoopier~snoopier
that'll~qui va
liquidiser~liquidiser
biochemistry~biochimie
ultrasonically~ultra-sons
proved~prouvé
mudguard's~Garde-boue de
foolscap's~foolscap's
iridescent~iridescent
fee~fee
gentrify~gentrify
wording's~libellé de
Kipling~Kipling
shunt's~shunt de
sidle's~de Sidle
Caedmon~Caedmon
freelances~freelances
invisibility~invisibilité
phonic~phonique
bestridden~enjambé
Erma's~Erma de
nip's~pincement de
stringent~strict
shredder's~déchiqueteuse de
demean~demean
nippers~pinces
mutineer~mutin
mollusc~mollusque
Zomba~Zomba
osteopathy's~de ostéopathique
repellents~répulsifs
Maricela~Maricela
semitrailers~semi-remorques
predicate's~prédicat de
idolisation's~de sacralisation
equator's~equator's
avowal~aveu
wallflowers~giroflées
Cyprus~Chypre
empiricism~empiricism
statues~statues
dissent's~dissent's
desalts~desalts
Saki's~Saki de
clanger~clanger
preregistration's~préinscription de
salubrious~salubre
Nesselrode's~Nesselrode de
suspenseful~suspenseful
squally~orageux
Pegasus~Pégase
beggarly~misérable
kiosk~kiosque
anterooms~antichambres
achingly~achingly
plagiarism~plagiat
recompiled~recompilé
perfectest~perfectest
leafing~feuillaison
splashier~activités aquatiques
house~maison
manicure's~manucure de
paranoids~paranoïdes
reprieve's~sursis du
pacey~Pacey
chooser's~de chooser
sidling~faufilant
yogi's~yogi de
jurists~juristes
emcee's~emcee's
liverwort~hépatique
Amos's~Années Amos
disestablishment~disestablishment
Ariel~Ariel
airbus~airbus
cordage~cordage
receivables~créances
offended~offensé
unread~non lus
synergism's~de synergisme
liqueur's~liqueur de
whoop's~de Whoop
lifeforms~Forme de vie
pleonasm~pléonasme
crouched~crouched
Fourth~Quatrième
Booth's~Booth
simulating~simulation
nigga~nigga
claimant's~revendicateur
feverishly~feverishly
McNeil~McNeil
Titanic's~Titanic de
doers~doers
Hitchcock's~Hitchcock
cryogenics~cryogenics
Cohan's~Cohan de
fugitive's~fugitive's
assured~assuré
intervening~intervenir
overcook~trop faire cuire
herbalist~herboriste
Squanto~Squanto
devotees~devotees
llanos~Llanos
acolyte's~de acolyte
jowl's~bajoues de
coronations~coronations
lie~mensonge
reattaches~reconnecte
showgirls~showgirls
skidded~dérapé
Alphonso~Alphonso
unbend~détendre
stapler~agrafeuse
cabin's~cabine de
cozen~cozen
unnecessary~inutile
malt~malt
Vatican~Vatican
kludge~bidouille
incontestable~incontestable
transplantation's~transplantation de
briars~bruyères
hospitalisation's~hospitalisation de
bodged~bodged
subsequently~par la suite
totalities~totalités
nourishment~nourriture
occultists~occultistes
Raleigh's~Raleigh de
Reynolds~Reynolds
Adar's~Adar de
pronoun's~années pronom
Yahtzee~Yahtzee
Sparta~Sparte
baptises~baptise
lodging's~hébergement de
christened~baptisé
saris~saris
selectness~selectness
compatibly~compatiblement
ravellings~ravellings
trembling~tremblant
semivowels~semivoyelles
Christopher's~Christopher
expire~expire
besoms~besoms
comply~se conformer
Patton~Patton
differed~differed
Tianjin~Tianjin
braver~courageux
lesbian~lesbienne
bouquets~bouquets
Princeton's~Princeton de
despair's~despair's
slick~nappe
bootlegging~bootlegging
cumulonimbi~cumulonimbi
lacerations~lacérations
hug's~câlins
lint's~peluches de
schmuck~schmuck
droves~droves
milkmaid's~Années Laitière
Suleiman's~Suleiman
refresh~rafraîchir
stood~se tenait
skinnier~skinnier
encroaching~encroaching
Visigoth~Wisigoth
hunch~pressentiment
ambushes~embuscades
sprinting~sprints
tuple~tuple
planters~jardinières
plentifully~copieusement
Polaroid's~polaroïd
Fry~frire
Balinese~Balinais
Nostradamus~Nostradamus
gripped~gripped
pursing~pinçant
anonymity~anonymat
zygote~zygote
Veronica~Véronique
donned~donned
piezoelectric~piézoélectrique
creaminess~creaminess
dents~dents
Dole~Aumône
violoncellist's~violoncellist de
curtail~curtail
Jacksonian~jacksonienne
Kara's~Kara
burro~baudet
paywalls~paywalls
adequateness's~de adéquation
bisects~bissectrice
fleshliest~fleshliest
flagon's~flagon's
appointment~rendez-vous
ginger~ginger
semiotics's~sémiologie de
gluttonously~gluttonously
subtotals~des sous-totaux
sleepier~somnolent
evaporation's~evaporation's
cyclamen's~cyclamen's
prorates~le calcul proportionnel
earl's~earl's
Alpert's~Alpert de
gratifyingly~gratifyingly
experienced~experienced
stature~stature
freemasonry~freemasonry
Verne~Verne
Lycurgus's~Lycurgue de
scrabble's~de scrabble
amorphousness~amorphisme
sensitisation's~sensibilisation de
iPod~iPod
Mahdi's~Mahdi
characteristic's~caractéristiques
waterfronts~waterfronts
yawls~yoles
strongrooms~chambres fortes
relieved~soulagé
Gauss~Gauss
ditties~ditties
prezzies~prezzies
Alba's~Alba de
concoction's~de concoction
liveries~livrées
CRT's~CRT
conflict~conflit
Bombay's~Bombay de
Persepolis's~Persepolis de
knot's~noeud de
Avogadro's~Avogadro
gauziest~gauziest
lacquers~laques
reversal's~inversion de
disaffect~disaffect
welts~zébrures
leavened~pain levé
wanked~branlée
unutterable~indicible
disbar~disbar
voluminously~voluminously
orientate~orienter
weals~papules
roadbed's~de la plate-forme
jazzier~jazzy
goosestepped~goosestepped
companionable~companionable
illiberality~illibéralité
showbiz's~showbiz de
pricker~épine
resurgence's~résurgence de
scans~scans
queenly~de reine
nods~Nods
exile's~exile's
Occidental's~Occidental de
slavered~slavered
Welsh~gallois
footed~footed
Dannie's~Dannie de
prate's~de Prate
enfilades~enfilades
undertaking~entreprise
Tocqueville's~Tocqueville
glossiness~glossiness
deterrence's~deterrence's
intentions~intentions
recompense's~récompense de
doubt~doubt
sunlamp's~sunlamp de
aviators~aviateurs
rarebit's~rarebit de
Duvalier~Duvalier
Sulawesi~Sulawesi
extemporaneousness~extemporaneousness
yachting~yachting
Khan's~Khan
untangle~démêler
illumined~éclairait
furbished~furbished
drizzle~drizzle
Nellie~Nellie
London~Londres
oubliette~oubliette
lolls~Lolls
malingered~malingered
sublieutenant~sous-lieutenant
Marcelino's~Marcelino de
confinement~accouchement
gendarme~gendarme
auspice's~auspices
windowsills~appuis de fenêtre
palsying~palsying
strati~strati
peculation~péculat
Jodie's~Jodie de
Faberge's~Fabergé de
bobtail~queue écourté
pays~paie
causal~causal
Farmer's~Les agriculteurs
townswomen~citadines
Toledo's~Toledo de
equate~equate
splendider~splendider
talc's~le talc de
groomed~groomed
overprotective~surprotéger
psych's~psych de
unmistakably~sans erreur
crayfish~crayfish
Minoan's~minoen de
cradling~cradling
quince's~coings
reddened~rougie
roads~routes
Maynard's~Maynard
metastasis~métastase
rounded~arrondie
baobab's~baobabs de
tripods~tripodes
hart's~hart de
braid~tresser
spoils~butin
authentications~authentifications
regionalism's~du régionalisme
thirds~tiers
refulgence's~refulgence de
abbot~abbé
exciter's~exciter's
precancerous~précancéreuse
Messianic~Messianique
cottaging~cottaging
heckling's~chahut de
d'Arezzo's~d'Arezzo's
Joel~Joel
starkers~nu comme un ver
appreciating~apprécier
tithing~tithing
armful~brassée
argument's~arguments
Thessaloniki's~Thessalonique de
joked~plaisanté
cabriolet~cabriolet
earaches~earaches
Philistine's~philistin de
intellects~intellects
Hebrides's~Hébrides de
stick's~des bâtons
achievements~réalisations
conflation~conflation
Josef~Josef
mindset~état d'esprit
tel~tel
trashcans~poubelles
linage~linage
inquietude's~inquietude de
Alexander's~Alexandre
geography's~geography's
embalm~embalm
nonmagnetic~amagnétique
nominative~nominatif
supply's~l'offre de
degassing~degassing
clod's~Années clod
couplet's~couplet's
fracture's~fracture's
misplay~misplay
hid~cachèrent
Alzheimer's~la maladie d'Alzheimer
numerals~chiffres
clinch~river
zoologist~zoologiste
slipperier~glissante
widened~élargi
coven~coven
gestated~gestated
din~din
denuclearise~denuclearise
Juggernaut's~Juggernaut de
featured~featured
whizzbang~Whizzbang
deceived~deceived
streamer's~streamer de
craziness's~craziness's
boisterousness's~boisterousness de
fingerprint~fingerprint
boundary's~limite de
genome~genome
honeylocust's~Honeylocust de
incontestably~incontestablement
Simmons's~Simmons de
duo~duo
conquistador's~conquistador de
exhumation's~exhumation's
Mazatlan's~Mazatlan de
disconnectedness~disconnectedness
unabated~sans relâche
allure~séduire
Alisha~Alisha
Sonja~Sonja
adjudged~L'arbitre signale
superfluously~superfluously
rusticity's~de rusticité
shop's~magasins
subsisted~subsisté
Giuseppe's~Giuseppe de
Illinoisan's~Illinoisan de
givebacks~givebacks
unsentimental~unsentimental
filers~filers
Cimabue~Cimabue
gallop~gallop
Coloradan's~coloradan de
magneto~magnéto
sixties~sixties
overtone~harmonique
Carboniferous~Carbonifère
singer~chanteur
reels~bobines
gonads~gonads
punctiliously~de façon pointilleuse
Starr~Starr
goblets~goblets
edging~edging
unvarnished~sans fard
grammars~grammars
sweetcorn~le maïs sucré
joyousness~joyousness
kickstand's~de béquille
Thatcher's~Thatcher
jolliness~jolliness
dukedoms~dukedoms
alarmingly~de façon alarmante
lambda's~lambda de
reformist~réformiste
personalities~personnalités
outfielder's~de voltigeur
foxglove's~foxglove's
apothecaries~apothicaires
chap~type
bloodstain~bloodstain
Kiwanis~Kiwanis
Ulster~Ulster
substance's~substance de
southwesters~southwesters
Noxzema's~Noxzema de
tininess's~de exiguïté
wantoning~wantoning
exploded~exploded
cardamon~cardamome
rollerskating's~de patins à roulettes
buggering~enculade
tripe~tripes
bloaters~bouffis
televangelist~télévangéliste
windups~liquidations
Mozart's~Mozart
pit's~pit de
pressing's~Pressage
skydive~Skydive
bigness's~bigness de
Unitarians~unitariens
scupper~saboter
commandment's~commandement de
interfiled~interfiled
Aaron's~Aaron
Blevins's~Années Blevins
cosponsor's~cosponsor's
bend~pliez
runoff's~de ruissellement
radiometer~radiomètre
deigning~deigning
rouges~rouges
segment~segment
arithmetic's~arithmétique de
margins~marges
Nikita~Nikita
Tiresias~Tirésias
pleurisy's~pleurésie de
Morison's~Morison de
senior~Sénior
bummer's~bummer de
marinating~marinage
covertly~covertly
naughtiness's~de mauvaise conduite
inspections~inspections
similarity~similarité
romancer's~Années de romancier
microloan's~Années microprêts
elfin~elfin
cloudiness~opacité
aconite~aconit
wick's~les mèches
O'Casey~O'Casey
recognisance~recognisance
Layla~Layla
evening's~evening's
appellation's~appellation de
Jamal~Jamal
lately~dernièrement
halves~halves
Carol's~Carol
penalisation~dépénalisation
showgrounds~showgrounds
greenly~greenly
pesos~pesos
goalscorer~goalscorer
toffees~caramels
recherche~recherché
Xmases~Xmases
weakened~affaibli
fowls~fowls
revises~revise
sparrow's~bruant
conscripted~conscrit
humeri~humérus
jabberer's~bavard de
salivate~saliver
wimpier~wimpier
epithets~epithets
organisation~organisation
Weeks~Semaines
propagator's~propagateur de
extraneous~extraneous
dun~dun
appositely~pertinemment
piggery~porcherie
insentience~insentience
Shiraz~Shiraz
wrasses~labres
brooms~balais
nigger~nègre
tippet~étole de fourrure
Jamel's~Jamel de
instructive~instructif
officiator's~officiator de
glazing's~glazing's
retouched~retouchés
recapitulating~récapitulant
foggily~foggily
spacewoman's~de spacewoman
urinals~urinoirs
vape~vape
posited~postulés
intervention~intervention
hasty~précipité
Ne~Ne
tablespoonful~tablespoonful
synthesising~synthétisant
Fijian~fidjien
Cologne's~Cologne de
contractible~contractible
anaemic~anémique
Yamoussoukro~Yamoussoukro
sculpted~sculpté
AV~UN V
choirboy's~choirboy de
liaison's~liaison de
pings~pings
Zens~Zens
sassiest~sassiest
woodcarving's~de la sculpture sur bois
autograph~un autographe
pablum's~de pablum
ritual~rituel
crackup~crackup
sings~chante
magistracy~magistratures
facets~facets
defy~defy
promoter~organisateur
Koppel's~Koppel de
spites~méchancetés
entente's~entente's
Congregationalist~congrégationaliste
despoils~despoils
Che's~Che
earthenware~earthenware
subservient~servile
shuteye~shuteye
verbiage's~verbiage de
Justice's~justice de
cuckoldry~cuckoldry
faradize~faradize
hawks~éperviers
adjacently~de manière adjacente
profoundness~profondeur
electroencephalograph~electroencephalograph
Lincoln~Lincoln
Baird~Baird
protrusion~saillie
pointlessly~inutilement
turnout's~taux de participation des années
repossesses~reprend possession
oxygenation~oxygénation
recirculates~recircule
sling~fronde
runways~pistes
recirculating~remise en circulation
propose~proposer
cutlass's~cutlass's
headboard's~tête de lit de
adaptations~adaptations
tense's~de tensions
triads~triades
zingers~zingers
muscular~musclé
depopulation~depopulation
zero~zéro
prostrations~prosternations
Rubbermaid~Rubbermaid
mawkishness's~de mièvreries
persistently~constamment
embryo's~embryo's
raincoat~imperméable
snoots~snoots
parquetry~parquetage
receptor~récepteur
ascents~montées
harbingers~harbingers
musicales~Musicales
methodology~méthodologie
pulpiest~pulpiest
carbolic~phéniqué
supposes~le suppose
tearjerker's~de tearjerker
Cezanne~Cézanne
laity~laïcs
schoolmarm's~de maîtresse d'école
critiques~critiques
newsiest~newsiest
buffs~Les amateurs
Juliet's~Juliet
tightening~contraction
Josh's~Josh de
Hokusai's~Hokusai de
inexactness's~de l'inexactitude
Beauregard's~Beauregard de
diasporas~diasporas
ocean~océan
apportions~répartitions
carvings~sculptures
from~from
tidily~tidily
Achaean's~Achéens de
emendation's~emendation's
boughs~ramures
Melinda's~Melinda de
withholding's~retenue à la source de
untreated~non traité
Mullikan's~Mullikan de
meetinghouse~meetinghouse
breather~repos
Missourians~Missouriens
methodicalness~methodicalness
devious~devious
Chennai~Chennai
hurdles~obstacles
foregrounds~foregrounds
orotund~ampoulé
randomisation's~randomisation de
ceaselessness~caractère continu
auscultating~auscultation
assemblers~assembleurs
amnesiac~amnésique
Lott~Lott
daub's~daub's
scalar~scalaire
hypochondriac~hypocondriaque
buffoonish~bouffonnerie
undercurrent~courant sous-jacent
crag's~crag's
ripple~ondulation
bracers~Brassards
kHz~kHz
unrepresented~non représentés
fulfil~fulfil
skives~anas
cot~cot
shitted~chié
approachable~approchable
travesties~travestissements
heals~cicatrise
barfing~barfing
mainspring~ressort principal
scrofula's~écrouelles de
Pilates's~Pilates de
buttermilk's~Années babeurre
pixels~pixels
things~des choses
Mussorgsky's~Mussorgsky
gasometers~gasometers
irrelevances~irrelevances
steady~stable
ovary~ovaire
zincking~zincking
regatta's~regatta
ltd~ltd
bottom's~fond de
indwelling~séjour
circle~cercle
forelegs~forelegs
bitcoins~Bitcoins
profitable~rentable
sightings~observations
Hitlers~Hitlers
timidity's~timidité de
incompleteness~incomplétude
diet's~diet's
Quaker~quaker
enjoined~enjoined
alkyd~alkyd
incapacitates~stupéfie
diverted~diverted
testosterone's~de testostérone
cum's~cum's
intermezzi~Intermezzi
obsessiveness~obsessiveness
move~bouge toi
Kane's~Kane
steamboats~steamboats
stoups~bénitiers
kitchenette's~kitchenette de
corrupt~corrupt
disfavour~disfavour
Laurent~Laurent
pillaged~pillée
muskox~bœuf musqué
Argentina's~ARGENTINE
testy~grincheux
footwear~footwear
tracksuit~survêtement
Hinduism~hindouisme
intransigence's~intransigeance
discernment's~discernment's
neater~plus propre
givings~givings
roistering~noceur
chaperoned~chaperonné
nonmetal's~de non métalliques
beekeeping's~apicole de
Hines's~Hines de
Ignatius's~Ignace de
comfortably~confortablement
oblique~oblique
unionism's~Le syndicalisme de
hanger's~hanger's
animus~animus
wrapping~emballage
agronomic~agronomique
comradeship's~de camaraderie
halternecks~halternecks
brittle's~ce fragile
kitty~minou
electromagnet~electromagnet
quarrel's~querelles
talus~astragale
greyer~greyer
Turner's~Turner
dinette's~dinette's
fantasied~fantasied
splays~embrasures
veld~veld
mosaics~mosaïque
Hector's~Hector
Muenster~Muenster
Rowe's~Rowe de
reveries~reveries
Trojans~chevaux de Troie
Dumas~Dumas
brasses~laitons
hoked~hoked
swarthiest~swarthiest
carbohydrate's~les glucides
blockhead's~lourdaud de
adolescence~adolescence
underwired~avec armature
Lyon~Lyon
pongee's~pongé de
preliminaries~préliminaires
outboard~hors-bord
oatcakes~oatcakes
plutocracy~ploutocratie
adjoined~accolé
skilfulness's~de l'habileté
recrudescent~recrudescences
autographs~autographes
lawrencium's~lawrencium de
spectroscopic~spectroscopique
malaise's~malaise de
chirps~pépiements
parched~desséché
Natalie's~Natalie
doughty~doughty
reexporting~réexportatrice
outbox's~de la boîte d'envoi
tidemarks~auréoles
Saharan's~saharienne de
cookery's~cookery's
closed~fermé
Richter~Richter
drone~drone
marriageability~mariabilité
reedits~réédite
negotiating~négociation
thriving~prospère
Hansen~Hansen
audiologists~audiologistes
deceiver's~deceiver's
Paleocene's~Paléocène de
akimbo~poings sur hanches
boaster~fanfaron
manservant~valet
MEGOs~MEGOs
cruet~cruet
surmounted~surmonté
casualty~victime
theremin~theremin
Citroen's~Citroen de
gaped~gaped
miniaturise~miniaturiser
embryology's~embryology's
housemaid's~de housemaid
striped~rayé
communities~communautés
unblocks~débloque
nursemaid~nurse
tramps~clodos
diddling~diddling
majestically~majestueusement
Eugenio's~Eugenio de
bides~bides
inferno~enfer
veterans~anciens combattants
nappers~nappers
sycophancy~flagornerie
shipbuilding's~la construction navale de
immaculateness~immaculateness
motionless~immobile
gentility~gentility
oxymoron~oxymoron
materialisation's~matérialisation de
recompensed~dédommagé
aberrant~aberrant
bard~barde
sum~somme
heckles~Heckles
coinciding~coïncidence
borderline's~de limite
Gotham's~Gotham de
pacifists~pacifistes
lifetime's~de vie
acacia~acacia
emperor~emperor
underbid~underbid
juxtaposition~juxtaposition
farces~farces
kaolin's~kaolin de
selvages~salbandes
COL~COL
freelancer~freelancer
subdues~Abaisse
midterm~mi-parcours
Zulus~Zoulous
muttonchops's~Années muttonchops
imperfectly~imparfaitement
barf's~Années barf
Mayra~Mayra
Lesley's~Lesley de
humbleness~humilité
waffling~laïusseur
bearer~porteur
torment~tourmenter
dietaries~dietaries
worded~rédigé
reexport~réexporter
Tallinn's~Tallinn de
fountainhead's~fountainhead's
repletes~repletes
petals~pétales
irateness's~irateness de
twitching~tremblement
N~N
disinherits~disinherits
transgenders~transsexuelles
apron's~tablier de
concert's~concerts
solvency~solvabilité
assort~s'assortir
adjective~adjectif
coaxingly~coaxingly
stabilisers~stabilisateurs
metacarpals~métacarpiens
foul's~foul's
baled~mis en balles
lazed~paressé
Depp~Depp
universes~univers
dumbness's~dumbness's
walkout~Se promener
prestidigitation's~de prestidigitation
pylori~pylori
found~found
nursery~garderie
snowdrift's~congère de
regulating~régulateur
Capricorn's~Capricorne de
Salvadorean's~Années salvadoriens
win's~victoire de
refreshed~rafraîchi
navigability's~de navigabilité
Nikon~Nikon
lever~levier
pinatas~pinatas
passbook's~de passbook
Cod~la morue
expurgation~expurgation
Heloise~Héloïse
mommy's~maman de
cowering~cowering
freeway's~freeway's
fragmented~fragmented
vociferates~vocifère
Garland's~Garland
abrogator's~abrogateur de
tiddlywinks's~Années Tiddlywinks
alcoholism~alcoolisme
Mencius's~Mencius de
Rochelle~Rochelle
confections~confections
bible~Bible
undistinguished~sans éclat
circularly~circulairement
becloud~devenir ambigu
fluorescent~fluorescent
mandarins~mandarins
glib~glib
rafts~radeaux
lava~lave
saleswomen~vendeuses
socket~prise
lighteners~éclaircissants
acclimatise~acclimater
cloudless~sans nuages
dilates~dilates
harsher~plus sévère
clamped~serré
masterminds~instigateurs
troll's~pêche à la traîne de
Tunisian's~de Tunisie
leukocyte's~leucocytaire de
hypertension~hypertension
laugh's~des rires
penetratingly~pénétrante
necking's~de striction
extrinsic~extrinsic
devotions~devotions
proudly~fièrement
ferryboat's~ferryboat's
pungency~goût piquant
reinspect~réinspecter
chyme~chyme
Cochabamba~Cochabamba
RIP~DÉCHIRURE
wigs~perruques
meteorology's~de la météorologie
fronted~fronted
defeater~defeater
inspection~inspection
buzzwords~mots à la mode
unmake~unmake
relativity's~la relativité de
moderation~modération
compartmentalisation~compartimentage
chatlines~chatlines
tolls~péages
mandolins~mandolines
trowelled~taloché
enshrinement's~enshrinement's
Maghreb's~Maghreb de
indecency~indécence
Crosby~Crosby
carious~carié
Sharlene's~Sharlene de
Terrell's~Terrell de
slithering~slithering
uncorked~débouchée
unhanded~unhanded
protege~protege
microaggression's~microaggression de
cruses~cruses
abstracts~résumés
hiss~sifflement
granule's~granule's
Rossini~Rossini
dangs~dangs
adjudges~Condamne
rationalism~rationalisme
Stanford~Stanford
vagabond's~vagabonde de
dabble~dabble
metacarpi~métacarpes
commending~saluant
fondant~fondant
bacon~Bacon
tootsie~Tootsie
abridged~abrégé
irritations~irritations
hangers~hangers
straight's~de droits
censused~recensée
pixel~pixel
reflections~réflexions
Albert's~Albert
cajolement's~cajolement de
substrates~substrats
fragmentary's~fragmentary's
stoles~étoles
lot's~beaucoup de
battlegrounds~champs de bataille
perspicuous~clair
nova's~nOVA
coonskin~coonskin
dissever~dissever
diuretic~diuretic
MEGO~MEGO
stripping~décapage
Diann~Diann
firetruck~firetruck
jam~confiture
ejaculate~ejaculate
rollick~gaieté
hereupon~là-dessus
talkative~bavard
toss's~Toss de
mudslingers~mudslingers
fist's~fist's
dwarfish~dwarfish
Gospel's~Evangile de
inquest~enquête
superhero's~super-héros de
hunkered~accroupis
ADP~ADP
Wobegon's~Wobegon de
seminal~séminal
axiomatically~axiomatique
barrios~barrios
flamingo's~flamingo's
diplomas~diplomas
milepost~poteau kilométrique
spaniel's~Années épagneul
chases~chases
bulrushes~joncs
doorplates~doorplates
moderniser~modernisateur
brooding~couvaison
rescue~porter secours
customises~customises
overacted~overacted
behalves~behalves
bedevilment's~de bedevilment
arbiters~arbitres
browses~broute
wreckage's~épave de
joinery's~menuiserie de
repealing~abrogatoire
Christmas~Noël
unreal~irréel
harmlessness's~harmlessness's
magistrates~magistrats
wroth~en colère
leeches~sangsues
Desdemona's~Desdemona de
pooch~cabot
asphyxiation's~asphyxiés de
prescription~ordonnance
contrary's~contrary's
estrange~estrange
Hokusai~Hokusai
fulminations~fulminations
meetinghouses~lieux de réunions
commentator~commentateur
FYI~Pour votre information
chooses~choisit
idler~fainéant
camera~caméra
likeliness~likeliness
blat~Blat
Welsh's~Welsh
mined~miné
toyboys~toyboys
ovulate~ovuler
Cuzco's~Cuzco de
shoddiness~shoddiness
offshoots~ramifications
applicable~en vigueur
evince~evince
loyalist's~loyaliste de
beadle's~bedeau de
bounciness's~de bounciness
tiara~tiare
sacroiliac's~sacroiliac de
paragraph's~paragraphe de
auscultation's~de l'auscultation
manias~manies
hexagon's~hexagone de
inconclusively~sans résultat
ternary's~ternaire de
cats~chats
Caleb~Caleb
grandiloquence's~grandiloquence's
Benchley's~Benchley de
gallant's~gallant's
Phillips's~Phillips de
sidepiece~pièce latérale
clock's~l'horloge de
fallow~fallow
wagoners~charretiers
hyperinflation~hyperinflation
buzzed~bourdonnaient
Chuck~Mandrin
equals~equals
comfortableness~comfortableness
arrangements~arrangements
Gibson~Gibson
imbuing~Imbuing
geometrically~geometrically
deigned~deigned
odyssey~odyssée
outspreading~outspreading
steelworkers~Métallurgistes
attenuated~atténuée
snappy~brusque
ingratiatingly~doucereux
microcosmic~microcosmique
Roku's~Roku de
cattlemen~Cattlemen
flutes~flutes
shimmery~chatoyante
respected~respecté
internship's~des stages
cockscombs~crêtes de coq
Lorena's~Lorena
dusky~dusky
delightfully~delightfully
been~été
hallmark's~hallmark's
Scribner~Scribner
lawyers~avocats
ad's~les publicités
close's~se ferme
trashiness~trashiness
Ryder's~Ryder
dishonourably~dishonourably
reanalysis~réanalyse
wristwatch's~montre-bracelet
Lochinvar's~lochinvar de
maintain~maintenir
whine~gémissement
century~siècle
tallied~A récolté
sideshows~sideshows
gadgets~gadgets
conventioneers~conventioneers
Eugenia's~Eugenia de
relativism~relativisme
tort's~la responsabilité délictuelle
Simmental~simmental
ofttimes~ofttimes
Petra~Petra
libbers~libbers
forequarters~forequarters
founts~founts
mechanics~mécanique
prefabrication~préfabrication
flyspecked~flyspecked
theorises~théorise
bluffed~bluffeur
FAA~FAA
masterful~dominateur
advantage's~avantage de
commander~le commandant
Yiddish~yiddish
politicise~politiser
ho's~ho
Weaver's~Weaver de
Ice~La glace
satirise~satiriser
Letterman's~Letterman de
hamburgs~hamburgs
loaning~prêt
myriad's~myriade de
smuttiness~smuttiness
sublimation~sublimation
prev~prev
kneeing~agenouillé
coiffuring~coiffure
whitener's~blanchisseur de
perspire~transpirer
pompadoured~pompadoured
decades~decades
nudges~coups de coude
confab's~Années Confab
reputation~réputation
Faustian's~de faustien
thatch's~de chaumes
interacts~interagit
unflinchingly~unflinchingly
physiologically~physiologiquement
flaunted~flaunted
hatchway's~écoutille de
morn's~morn de
pencilled~écrit au crayon
grafts~grafts
lichen~lichen
onerous~lourd
sways~ondule
colonnade's~colonnade de
cosmetics~cosmetics
betraying~traître
bucktooth~bourdaine
Moises's~Années Moises
harrowing~poignant
galvanising~galvanising
starve~affamer
faultfinding's~faultfinding's
stomp's~frappez du pied de
Mohammedans~mahométans
tensors~tenseurs
aggressors~agresseurs
Ulysses's~Ulysse de
turkey's~TURQUIE
Wheatstone's~Wheatstone
softball's~softball
yashmak~litham
Bethesda~Bethesda
ounces~onces
incendiary's~incendiaire de
antiquates~antiquates
rootkit~rootkit
superpowers~super-pouvoirs
slashed~tailladé
bureaucracies~bureaucraties
Golden~d'or
Gangtok~Gangtok
bankcard~carte bancaire
glazes~glazes
underlips~underlips
overprinted~overprinted
dunked~dunked
pithead~chevalement
roentgen's~Roentgen de
cargo~cargaison
nooky~nooky
Christians~les chrétiens
weeded~désherbé
drudge~drudge
surcease~surcease
devastators~devastators
corollas~corollas
dirge's~dirge's
unmanageable~indocile
potboiler's~potboiler de
goosebumps~goosebumps
Stengel~Stengel
protectorates~protectorats
aimlessly~sans but
priming's~de l'amorçage
sanctions~les sanctions
rickshaw's~de cyclo-pousse
marquess's~Marqués de
dip~dip
Magyar's~Magyar de
recurred~réapparus
Langerhans~Langerhans
bookshelf~étagère à livres
assassinates~assassine
electrologist~electrologist
bumbler's~bumbler de
ballooned~monté en ballon
insubordinate~insubordonné
licences~licences
striping~striping
decolletage's~decolletage's
pronouns~pronoms
expedition~expedition
retracting~rétraction
drabness's~drabness's
Hague~La Haye
materialisation~matérialisation
riser's~colonne montante de
articulation~articulation
yellowing~jaunissement
waterway~voie navigable
workings's~fonctionnements de
reactor~réacteur
wildebeest~gnou
negligently~négligemment
radars~radars
fortunetellers~fortunetellers
totting~totting
sculptress~femme sculpteur
ingenuous~ingénu
Brandie~Brandie
charging~charge
westerly~de l'ouest
refreshments~rafraîchissements
or~ou
chubbiest~chubbiest
twinging~twinging
moneylenders~usuriers
sonsofbitches~sonsofbitches
hoax~canular
undulated~ondulait
mug~agresser
pageboy~carré
jalopies~tacots
cafe's~les cafés
hypermedia~hypermédia
addendum's~supplément de
mot~contrôle technique
suspenders~bretelles
Roquefort~roquefort
rubberised~caoutchouté
Hollanders~Hollanders
Hilary~Hilary
retried~rejugé
inanimate~inanimé
sideswipe~coup sur le côté
agent~agent
gambit's~gambit's
disorganises~disorganises
chastiser~chastiser
Tethys~Téthys
append~ajouter
freeload~freeload
payola's~de payola
frogmarching~frogmarching
Telemann's~Telemann de
Marsha's~Marsha de
ventured~aventuré
proliferating~proliférant
furlong~furlong
tiebacks~embrasses
resolved~résolu
Male's~Mâles
keyboarders~teclistas
Kerouac's~Kerouac
florin~florin
juggler~jongleur
coagulants~coagulants
Cary~Cary
claw~griffe
panpipes's~Années Panpipes
elicit~elicit
Balkhash's~Balkhach de
calipered~calipered
ovum's~ovocyte de
basalt's~basalte de
opaque~opaque
bleep's~Années bleep
origination's~création de
Moreno's~Moreno de
grange's~grange's
recompilation~recompilation
unsnarling~unsnarling
archness's~de espièglerie
nomination's~de mise en candidature
Sade~Sade
streetlamps~lampadaires
postdoctoral~postdoctoral
tanked~tanké
mimicry~mimétisme
mums~chrysanthèmes
cantabile~cantabile
improvising~improvisation
Gretchen~Gretchen
manfully~virilement
referable~référençable
Greta~Greta
Chaplinesque~Chaplinesque
Australia~Australie
beware~il faut se méfier
germanium's~germanium's
understanding's~compréhension de
swizzle~swizzle
carpentering~menuiserie
whittles~Whittles
digestibility's~digestibility's
Wanda's~Wanda
popovers~popovers
realer~realer
reconvenes~reprise des travaux
chatty~bavard
white~blanc
Horne~Horne
warthog~phacochère
frizzy~frizzy
culverts~culverts
cosset~cosset
triangulates~trianguler
mater~mater
vest's~Le gilet
significations~significations
uphill's~de montée
tableau's~tableau de
illusionists~illusionnistes
Irrawaddy~Irrawaddy
oddest~le plus étrange
Durkheim~Durkheim
bigotries~bigoterie
impeachment~mise en accusation
pubertal~pubertaire
Hopi~Hopi
hydra~hydre
bather's~baigneur de
aster~aster
infarcts~infarctus
aftermaths~lendemains
pressure's~de la pression
Ike's~Ike
reverted~est revenu
ghostwriters~ghostwriters
glaze~glaze
labours~travaux
pinier~pinier
Caspar~Caspar
emolument's~emolument's
pyjamas~pyjamas
educates~educates
masers~masers
scrimmage's~de scrimmage
outstretches~outstretches
ideograph~idéogramme
backslash's~backslash de
Nukualofa~Nukualofa
haircuts~haircuts
Gothics~Gothiques
evocations~evocations
stilettos~talons aiguilles
achy~Achy
Walsh's~Walsh
triplicating~triplicating
barbarianism's~de barbarisme
claiming~affirmant
pasty~pâteux
homelands~patries
bicameralism~bicaméralisme
preventive~préventif
taming~apprivoisement
narcoleptic~narcoleptique
Paleozoic~Paléozoïque
poinsettias~poinsettias
Abilene~Abilene
unworn~inutilisé
anticlockwise~antihoraire
fizzle's~fizzle's
balmy~embaumé
Jaycees's~Années Jaycees
roasting~grillage
geocentrically~geocentrically
hygienically~hygiéniquement
lyceum~lycée
assumptive~présumé
potty~pot
butter~beurre
assertions~assertions
barrier~barrière
bean's~des haricots
deceiving~deceiving
spraining~spraining
crunching~crunching
flush's~flush's
disembowel~disembowel
Irvine~Irvine
Yugo~Yugo
Fox~Renard
medallions~médaillons
swash~clapotis
Victrola's~Victrola de
quasar's~Quasar de
aquaculture's~de l'aquaculture
filminess~filminess
camerawoman's~de cadreuse
brutality's~la brutalité de
Rita's~Rita
Pr~Pr
pregnancies~grossesses
churchgoer's~churchgoer de
Canon~Canon
chromium~chrome
rheum's~Rheum de
slammed~claqué
villas~villas
coma's~coma
immolates~immole
fetidness's~fetidness's
introspect~introspect
Warhol's~Warhol
cubical~cubical
benefactors~bienfaiteurs
puckish~malicieux
portend~présager
Gene~Gène
Waldheim's~Waldheim de
frugality~frugality
conquering~conquête
injector~injecteur
disfigure~disfigure
circumnavigation~circumnavigation
Christianise~christianiser
diagnosed~diagnosed
fame's~fame's
inconvenience~inconvénient
diva's~diva's
Olmec~olmèque
unmans~unmans
doffed~doffed
adulteress~femme adultère
do~do
aisles~allées
retrenching~retranchant
digests~digests
corpora~corpora
roast's~rôti années
vociferation's~vociférations de
Elias~Elias
Tammie's~Tammie de
swooped~fondit
Goth's~goth de
slimy~visqueux
summonsing~convocations
Hoyle~Hoyle
drubbing~drubbing
septum's~cloison de
bookworms~bookworms
Ur's~Ur de
squall~bourrasque
scams~escroqueries
purified~purifiée
Darby~Darby
autographed~dédicacée
SF~SF
appliance's~appareils électroménagers
sewage's~les eaux usées de
trouser's~pantalon
marlin's~marlin de
flees~flees
eggcups~eggcups
climax's~apogée de
noncomplying~non conforme
sensed~détectée
loansharking~loansharking
pink's~rose de
japan~Japon
weatherstripping's~de froid
joying~me réjouissant
spiciness's~de spiciness
Willamette's~Willamette de
pollinator's~de pollinisateur
wheelbase's~empattement de
Catalans~Catalans
weightlessness's~de l'impesanteur
sweats's~sueurs de
turning~tournant
resident's~résident de
infrequency's~de faible fréquence
titchy~titchy
Pravda~Pravda
BBS~BBS
touching~émouvant
obsequy's~obsequy de
Sampson's~Sampson
sanserif~sanserif
inscription's~les inscriptions
expostulation~expostulation
companionably~companionably
twitter~gazouillement
public's~publique de
guiltiest~guiltiest
barmaids~barmaids
presides~présides
shimmer's~Années miroitement
bluegills~crapets
awnings~auvents
Sumatra's~Sumatra de
ingest~ingérer
hygrometers~hygromètres
caviller's~ergoteur de
spiciness~spiciness
gobstoppers~gobstoppers
mainlines~filières d'élevage
shutout's~jeu blanc de
inking~encrage
readjustment~réajustement
arch~cambre
Horatio's~Horatio de
aria's~arias
sprucest~sprucest
catalogues~catalogues
downgrade~downgrade
vocation~vocation
strife~conflit
weatherpersons~weatherpersons
commandment~commandement
cowcatcher's~cowcatcher's
radicalising~radicaliser
conferments~conferments
objector's~objecteur de
legislative~législatif
eugenicist's~eugenicist's
antipathetic~antipathiques
schoolteacher's~maître d'école de
misanthropically~misanthropically
listeria~listeria
comparison~Comparaison
ultrahigh~très haut
bobbled~bobbled
terror~la terreur
Daren's~Daren de
flashcard's~flashcard's
ethnic's~ethnic's
variation~variation
implying~ce qui implique
airworthiness~navigabilité
anguish~angoisse
hatchback~hayon
Ella~Ella
unhurried~sans se presser
thievish~voleur
gossiper's~gossiper's
misspend~misspend
vestibule's~vestibule de
legislator~législateur
meanness's~de bassesses
consciousness~conscience
dismal~dismal
DOE~BICHE
Tisha's~Tisha de
Trisha's~Trisha de
remortgages~remortgages
revalues~revalorise
barrens~Tarides
bannocks~bannocks
forwarding~forwarding
madras's~de madras
Ella's~Ella
correction~correction
monoplanes~monoplans
spermatozoon's~spermatozoïde de
knight's~chevalier de
Amazon~Amazone
swindler's~de filou
crenellated~crenellated
Deanne~Deanne
concertgoers~les spectateurs
Athena~Athena
lessons~cours
Oreg~oreg
trillionth~trillionth
sensualist's~sensualiste de
chervil~cerfeuil
cabinetry~armoires
flasks~flasks
newly~nouvellement
clarified~clarifié
clucks~glousse
intentness~intentness
stardust's~stardust de
vars~vars
Bartlett's~Bartlett
burger's~Burger de
manufactures~fabrique
improbability's~de improbabilité
emotes~emotes
Vladivostok~Vladivostok
futurologists~futurologists
vizier's~vizir de
sprightliest~sprightliest
dial~dial
brooches~fibules
peekaboo's~Années Peekaboo
caption's~Légende de
captivators~captivators
soph~soph
marinara~marinara
novelist's~romancier de
divining~divining
vomits~vomissures
flunking~flunking
songbirds~oiseaux chanteurs
Parmenides~Parménide
constitutionals~constitutionnels
debriefs~debriefs
Bethany~Bethany
degassed~degassed
capability's~capacité de
Vijayanagar~Vijayanagar
vanned~vanned
Jonathan's~de Jonathan
whitecap's~Whitecap de
journalese's~Années journalistique
ignoramuses~ignares
Hus's~Hus de
adorableness's~de adorableness
inexpensiveness~inexpensiveness
waists~tailles
recycle~recycler
Tory's~Tory de
peculate~détourner des fonds publics
seed's~des graines
disallowing~disallowing
vesicles~vésicules
divinities~divinities
subsidise~subventionner
sharks~requins
ventricle's~ventricule de
able~capable
dairywoman~dairywoman
transmigration~transmigration
misapprehension's~de mauvaise compréhension
Dunkirk~Dunkerque
merchandising~merchandising
disesteeming~disesteeming
Craft~Artisanat
granite~granite
spoke~parlait
pleating~plissage
rambled~glosé
yahoos~yahoos
VAX~VAX
remunerate~rémunérer
girly~girly
Zaire's~Zaïre de
sullies~souille
dissension's~dissension's
amnesty's~amnistie de
Emmy's~Emmy
concuss~commotionner
harmonica~harmonica
unaccommodating~unaccommodating
doily's~doily's
extortion~extortion
carotid~carotide
excretory~excretory
lukewarmness~tiédeur
Joaquin's~Joaquin de
baptist~baptiste
lubricity's~onctuosité de
worldview~vision du monde
obsoletes~Obsolètes
honked~klaxonné
Visayans~Visayans
Clio's~Clio de
immortal's~de immortelles
hotshot's~de champion
seine~Seine
demister~demister
bobsled~bobsleigh
toked~toked
Vonnegut~Vonnegut
Panamanian's~panaméen de
Stone's~Des pierres
brandied~brandy
overhead~aérien
moults~mues
Bathsheba's~Bethsabée de
smirch~tache
bondholder's~de détenteurs d'obligations
moisturises~hydrate
wetland's~zones humides de
cubist~cubist
Indochinese~indochinoise
uncharacteristic~non caractéristique
throng's~foule de
worrier~worrier
Austerlitz's~Austerlitz de
somerset's~SOMERSET de
misdeeds~mauvaises actions
intractability~caractère intraitable
rewind~rembobiner
yd~km
blunts~blunts
Ritz~Ritz
salvo~salve
chow's~chow de
attar~attar
disrepute~disrepute
regards~Cordialement
electroencephalographs~electroencephalographs
union~syndicat
concentrated~concentré
feigned~feigned
lacked~manqué
newest~le plus récent
limply~mollement
Jose's~Jose de
fictive~fictive
Beverley~Beverley
frontbencher~frontbencher
pasha~pacha
lit~Lit
hyphenate~mettre un trait d'union
sadden~attrister
suppository~suppositoire
patriarchal~patriarcal
malignant~malin
whipper's~fouetteur de
aphelia~aphélie
tiebreakers~bris d'égalité
BLT's~BLT de
tsp~c
gesticulate~gesticulate
pilot's~pilote de
dispraise's~dispraise's
outstanding~exceptionnel
laying~pose
tabors~tambourins
L~L
flea~flea
Dickinson's~Dickinson
directive~directive
shogunate's~Années shogunat
Everett~Everett
incandescently~incandescente
twp~twp
novas~Novas
citruses~citrus
noncombatants~non-combattants
calibrating~calibreur
Singh's~Singh de
instilling~inculquant
savouriest~savouriest
hacktivist's~hacktivist's
Faust~Faust
span's~durée de
statuses~statuts
halo's~halo's
quite~assez
sensationalist~sensationnaliste
remembers~se souvient
cobblers~cordonniers
suggestibility~suggestibilité
edge~edge
fluorocarbon's~fluorocarbon's
unshaven~non rasé
songbird~oiseau chanteur
rectory's~rectorat de
swaggers~Swaggers
errs~errs
peerless~hors pair
escalated~escalated
cutworms~cutworms
foothold's~foothold's
pillbox's~de casemate
bared~mis à nu
vote's~vote de
grapeshot's~grapeshot's
trafficking's~le trafic de
bungler's~saboteur de
contriving~contriving
fringe's~fringe's
Bermuda~Bermuda
substructures~substructures
unmorality~unmorality
militancy~militantisme
tags~Mots clés
Nijinsky~Nijinsky
umbrellas~parapluies
objectiveness's~de l'objectivité
shirrings~shirrings
Baudouin~Baudouin
detriment~detriment
chalice's~années calice
glacially~glacially
tiffed~tiffed
Belize~Belize
Korzybski~Korzybski
lifelines~lifelines
viticulture's~de la viticulture
enrolling~enrolling
Kwangju's~Kwangju de
derogated~derogated
persecutor's~de persécuteur
Manet's~Manet
encouraged~encouraged
sicking~Sicking
ego's~ego's
mechanism~mécanisme
ropier~Ropier
hydrometers~aréomètres
tot~tot
possessor~possesseur
pigment's~de pigment
midland~midland
philtres~philtres
brainwashing~lavage de cerveau
befriends~être amis
absolutist~absolutiste
Donna's~Donna
touchingly~touchants
gravedigger's~gravedigger's
checkmated~matée
campground's~camping de
subscribes~abonnée
reflexively~réflexivement
carcass~carcasse
directorships~directorships
panpipes~flûte de Pan
supinely~mollement
barhop~barhop
voluptuaries~voluptueux
whiner's~pleurnicheur de
subtopic~Sous-thème
violable~violable
condescends~condescend
remunerating~rémunérant
Pomona~Pomone
gentrifies~gentrifies
endures~endures
adherents~adhérents
Fitzgerald's~Fitzgerald
responsive~sensible
dilution's~dilution's
deadheads~deadheads
dimmer's~dimmer's
oncoming~approche
hoodwinks~hoodwinks
Tuvalu's~Tuvalu de
numerous~nombreux
congeries~congeries
Wall's~Des murs
ascension's~l'Ascension
fellas~fellas
Lutheran~luthérien
language~la langue
scowls~grimaces
favouritism~favouritism
assuaging~apaiser
Interpol's~INTERPOL
crunchiest~crunchiest
entomologist's~entomologist's
catchall's~de catchall
lambdas~lambdas
cauliflowers~choux-fleurs
centilitre~centilitre
Iqaluit~Iqaluit
flagellation's~flagellation's
raptor~rapace
Gallegos~Gallegos
xenophobe's~de xenophobe
Isherwood~Isherwood
oats~L'avoine
facet's~facet's
royalist's~royaliste de
entrapment~entrapment
kissograms~kissograms
refinery's~raffinerie de
demurrers~demurrers
nonradioactive~non radioactif
disfranchises~disfranchises
karaoke~karaoké
severeness's~de sévérité
capsizing~chavirement
mayoral~mayoral
AD's~Les publicités
snail's~escargots
fishiness's~fishiness's
identifiers~identificateurs
Latinos~Latinos
sluggard~paresseux
canker's~chancre de
Decalogue's~Décalogue de
harmlessly~harmlessly
drivel~drivel
omnipotent~omnipotent
Enif~Enif
Hudson's~Hudson
chafing~friction
auspicious~de bon augure
tomboys~tomboys
swaths~andains
coagulator~coagulateur
prognostic's~pronostique de
congruently~congruente
Bostons~bostons
recompensing~récompenser
fumes~fumes
Roumania~Roumanie
Darcy's~Darcy
airplay's~de airplay
berates~engueule
Duchamp~Duchamp
baulk~bille
conciliation's~la conciliation de
Patsy~Pigeon
refine~affiner
profs~Profs
Terry's~Terry
SSW's~SSW de
semitrailer's~semi-remorques
vehemency~véhémence
crawlspace's~crawlspace's
counteractive~counteractive
malcontents~malcontents
proclaim~proclamer
ten~Dix
incomprehensibility~incompréhensibilité
parities~parités
broadloom's~de grande largeur
mercy~pitié
Evert's~Evert de
parked~garé
Les's~Moins
clack's~clack de
birthplaces~lieux de naissance
drollery~drollery
wangles~wangles
apprehensions~appréhensions
perquisite's~Années avantages indirects
cooperator~cooperator
cradle's~cradle's
misfortunes~malheurs
sedater~sedater
graft's~graft's
Edwardo's~Edwardo de
obtrusiveness~importunité
Thackeray's~Thackeray
ambition's~L'ambition de
vignettist~vignettist
tonight's~ce soir
feedings~feedings
neodymium~néodyme
nuder~NUDER
renomination's~de renomination
councils~councils
roommate~colocataire
boastfulness~vantardise
symbol~symbole
paleography's~de paléographie
cossets~cossets
Selma~Selma
heave's~pilonnement de
Bethe~Soit le
oarswoman~rameuse
distillery~distillery
flannelled~flannelled
Casey~Casey
disgusting~disgusting
scorers~buteurs
reteaches~reteaches
constituting~constituant
agency~agence
appose~apposer
para~para
vibrations~vibrations
Medicare's~l'assurance-maladie de
tablespoon~cuillerée à soupe
wagtail's~bergeronnette de
Knudsen~Knudsen
Heimlich's~Heimlich de
collaboration~collaboration
herder's~Herder
embosser~embosser
yards~yards
kibitzer~kibitzer
abeam~un faisceau
knowledge~connaissance
Mack's~Mack
showmanship~sens du spectacle
Loewi's~Loewi de
recompile~recompiler
leather's~cUIR
Sutton~Sutton
Mira~Mira
Minneapolis's~Minneapolis de
Shawna~Shawna
reached~atteint
filigree's~filigree's
brochures~brochures
disinterested~disinterested
censure's~censure de
hairsprings~hairsprings
watchstrap~bracelet de montre
Clemons's~Années Clemons
foxiness~foxiness
pharmacist's~pHARMACIEN
plutonium~plutonium
minim's~minim de
hankerings~hankerings
Enterprise~Entreprise
unclog~désobstruer
dork's~dork's
microscope~microscope
vestigially~vestigially
Loki's~Loki
icebreaker's~brise-glace de
gunrunning~gunrunning
neurosurgery's~de neurochirurgie
ankles~chevilles
lavaliere~lavallière
Roquefort's~Roquefort de
insulates~isole
Cayugas~Goyogouins
spitefulness~méchanceté
prenatal~prénatal
participant's~pARTICIPANT
Nibelung~Nibelung
harassment~harassment
tropes~tropes
Latham's~Latham de
flypaper's~flypaper's
oversimplification~simplification excessive
Syrian's~de la Syrie
radiophone~radiotéléphone
chanter~chanteur
complies~est conforme
wow~sensationnel
phonology~phonologie
hickeys~suçons
prominence's~importance de
Havana~La Havane
Flossie's~Flossie de
toadied~toadied
dabs~dabs
contemporaneity~contemporaneity
friendliness's~friendliness's
surreys~Surreys
divan's~divan's
affectionately~affectueusement
officialdom's~de la bureaucratie
founding~founding
waiters~les serveurs
coronary~coronary
sloe~prunelle
saggiest~saggiest
encl~encl
Tocqueville~Tocqueville
ambidextrous~ambidextre
deficient~deficient
animists~animistes
refurnish~remeubler
slackly~lâchement
guacamole's~guacamole's
loris~loris
populousness~populousness
conglomerate's~de conglomérat
lurk~se cacher
snipped~coupé
backslid~rétrogradé
Ball's~Des balles
solidness~fermeté
biennial~biennal
Cretan's~crétoise de
shoved~bousculé
polytheism~polythéisme
jitteriest~jitteriest
motherland's~mère patrie de
swaddles~langes
suffused~nimbé
disengage~disengage
slighted~slighted
overexerted~overexerted
dollhouses~dollhouses
solipsism's~de solipsisme
accumulative~cumulatif
prefaced~Préfacé
extraterrestrial's~extraterrestrial's
capacity's~la capacité de
clumpiest~clumpiest
methodology's~méthodologie de
tensing~contraction
duded~duded
sinusoidal~sinusoïdal
papergirl's~de Papergirl
unhooking~décrochement
macroeconomics~macroéconomie
craves~craves
Mick~Mick
macadamising~macadamising
admins~admins
bowman~archer
watching~en train de regarder
Knesset~Knesset
concurrently~en même temps
sugarplums~sugarplums
meme's~mème de
flowered~flowered
bowing~saluant
superconductor's~de supraconductrice
lender~prêteur
worst~pire
Fundy~Fundy
signing~signature
acquirers~repreneurs
successions~successions
rumourmonger~rumourmonger
debuts~debuts
Haifa~Haïfa
philanthropy's~philanthropie
tailcoats~frac
Lyell~Lyell
mundanes~mundanes
unequal~inégal
Milagros~Milagros
straw's~paille de
unschooled~unschooled
clumsy~maladroit
downshifted~downshifted
remissly~remissly
childishly~puérilement
Ru~Ru
wizardry~sorcellerie
stubbornness's~opiniâtreté de
Sihanouk's~Sihanouk
graph~graph
monkey's~singes
Alonzo~Alonzo
cosmopolitanism~cosmopolitanism
advocate~avocat
breadcrumb's~chapelure
windcheaters~anoraks
Lorrie's~Lorrie de
coil's~bobine de
Hinton's~Hinton de
cabochon's~cabochons de
hurl~lancer
lamers~Lamers
softening~ramollissement
flares~flares
Moluccas~Moluques
forefront's~forefront's
birdieing~birdieing
placebo~placebo
draughtsman~draughtsman
byes~byes
police's~la police de
bow~arc
consolidation~consolidation
compendiums~compendiums
iniquitous~inique
Golconda's~Golconde de
bowling~bowling
demagnetisation~demagnetisation
trencherman~trencherman
Viola~Alto
reformists~réformistes
groomer~groomer
Vicki~Vicki
bobbysoxer's~de minette
tut~Tut
airsickness~mal de l'air
discarding~discarding
altimeter~altimètre
incognito's~incognito de
courtesies~courtesies
urn~urne
determines~determines
emollients~emollients
Maccabeus~Maccabée
scold's~gronder de
exercised~exercised
hilt~poignée
outplaying~outplaying
transverse's~transversale de
prevented~empêché
sharp's~Sharp
expo~expo
thrower's~lanceur de
today~aujourd'hui
dactylic's~dactylic's
washtubs~bassines
airing~aération
asininity's~de niaiserie
stockists~négoces bois
spade's~piques
dibs~dibs
ashram's~ashram de
skinful~skinful
Barbour's~de Barbour
kingdom's~royaume de
Olympian~olympien
placer~placers
periphery's~périphérie de
streamlining~la rationalisation
dewberries~dewberries
Jerrold~Jerrold
stuccoing~Crépissage
Martina's~Martina de
photographing~photographie
Yeats~Yeats
suggested~suggéré
unpinning~de décrochage
flavorful~flavorful
crisp~crisp
lodgers~logeurs
SAT~SAM
eucalyptus's~eucalyptus's
titivate~bichonner
lathe's~tournage de
poised~en passe
taxa~taxons
lassitude~lassitude
personnel~personnel
petrify~pétrifier
salmonella's~de la salmonelle
Sibyl~Sibylle
preferential~préférentiel
sumo's~sumo de
esprit's~esprit's
Laurasia's~Laurasia de
antifascist's~antifasciste de
electromagnets~electromagnets
peso~peso
inhaler's~inhalateur de
decagon's~decagon's
swoons~pâme
closeout~liquidation
frame's~frame's
harmoniousness~harmoniousness
haplessness~haplessness
gamuts~gamuts
Wichita~Wichita
Schweitzer~Schweitzer
simian~simien
squawks~gloussements
campfire~feu de camp
Lorre~Lorre
pensiveness's~pensiveness de
jollifications~réjouissances
cryptography~cryptography
hush~silence
spiritualism's~de spiritisme
Rosemary's~Rosemary de
Ed~Ed
institutes~instituts
vegetation~végétation
abased~avili
ostracism's~de l'ostracisme
farmland~farmland
temporiser~temporiser
trombone~trombone
chamberlain's~chambellan
Fremont~Fremont
verbena's~Années verveine
filthiness~filthiness
furloughing~furloughing
reestablishment's~de rétablissement
duplicating~duplicating
government's~government's
wagers~paris
skedaddling~skedaddling
samplings~prélèvements
recapitulated~récapitulé
elect~elect
outspokenness's~de franc-parler
Gleason's~Gleason
overstretched~débordés
JavaScript's~JavaScript de
conquer~conquérir
coward's~coward's
toiler~tâcheron
instrumentals~instrumentaux
slotted~fendue
mustard's~la moutarde de
hoovers~aspirateurs
concentration~concentration
tidying~rangement
deltas~deltas
teems~Teems
clairvoyant~voyant
antelope~antilope
nonrandom~non aléatoire
outspend~dépenser plus que qn
unionists~syndicalistes
purview~compétence
pooh~caca
cuber~cuber
Eisner~Eisner
insects~insectes
treetop~TreeTop
heist~braquage
mariner~marin
hedonists~hédonistes
sceptres~sceptres
Fairbanks~Fairbanks
rill's~ruisselet de
rustles~bruissements
forested~forested
onset's~début de
impregnation's~imprégnation de
ceramicist's~de ceramicist
atelier's~atelier de
biathlons~biathlons
gobblers~gobblers
floret's~floret's
bedside~chevet
rezones~rezones
interments~inhumations
spotter~observateur
glutted~glutted
aqua's~Aqua de
disciplinarians~disciplinarians
priesthood~prêtrise
everyone's~everyone's
noncriminal's~de non criminelles
woodshed~bucher
Rosendo's~Rosendo de
Kellie~Kellie
touchdown~atterrissage
period's~période de
scripted~scénarisé
toughness's~la ténacité de
truanted~ont pratiqué l'absentéisme
contention's~contention's
ask~demander
provincial's~provincial de
contraceptive~contraceptive
scone's~scones
chanteuse's~de la chanteuse
Peron~Peron
spectacle~spectacle
favours~favours
positional~positionnelle
incomprehensibly~incompréhensiblement
shrewdness~sagacité
dewdrop~dewdrop
sketchily~sketchily
Cymbeline~Cymbeline
dispatch's~dispatch's
tumult~tumulte
compiling~compilation
eyestrain's~eyestrain's
Xerox~Photocopier
obscurantism~obscurantisme
Nebraskans~Nebraskans
matchbook's~matchbook de
laughed~rire
bushmaster~Bushmaster
surfeits~surfeits
windflowers~anémones
airway~voie aérienne
cleavage's~clivage de
preconceive~avoir une idée à l'avance
tarballs~tarballs
flashing's~flashing's
butane's~butane de
spirochaetes~spirochètes
relay's~relais de
oligarchy's~oligarchie de
Epictetus's~Épictète de
libretto~livret
cribbed~cribbed
dysprosium~dysprosium
submarine's~sous-marin de
tangelos~tangelos
Patrica~Patrica
onion's~oignons
philosophising~philosophant
generosity~generosity
acrider~acrider
footnoted~footnoted
quote~citation
liquefying~liquéfiant
inculcating~inculquant
gemstone~gemstone
thrall~servitude
polka's~polka de
simpleton~niais
Princeton~Princeton
Eskimo's~Eskimo de
fave~fave
mislaid~égarée
harmed~harmed
genteelness~genteelness
ticks~tiques
invigoration~invigoration
stilled~apaisée
coulomb~coulomb
abashing~abashing
internationalisation~internationalisation
peeped~épié
every~every
proclamation's~proclamation de
sagged~affaissé
sepulchring~sepulchring
colleges~collèges
Mecca~Mecque
sampan's~sampan de
provokingly~provocante
condemnatory~réprobateur
telegraphically~télégraphiquement
pen~stylo
anachronistic~anachronique
Hezekiah's~Ezéchias de
Masefield's~Masefield de
wannabe's~wannabe de
libertines~libertins
verbalising~verbaliser
shutdown~fermer
mammoths~mammouths
oxidation~oxydation
anointing~onction
folder~folder
edutainment~edutainment
Yosemite~Yosemite
decoration's~decoration's
counselling~counselling
Omnipotent~Omnipotent
gonorrhoea~gonorrhoea
beautifier's~de beautifier
expeditiously~expeditiously
airlessness's~de airlessness
palmistry~chiromancie
pipers~Pipers
libelling~diffamation
imperialists~impérialistes
Haley's~Haley
noncombatant's~de non-combattants
mistypes~mistypes
stemmed~tige
knack~truc
sup~souper
injections~injections
errata's~errata's
interlock's~verrouillage de
iambus's~Années ïambe
dowager~dowager
domicile's~domicile's
editorship~editorship
exabytes~exabytes
bravuras~bravuras
crimp's~crimp's
vicegerents~vicaires
meths~meths
griffon's~griffon's
longhouse~Longhouse
ferryboats~ferryboats
encapsulation's~encapsulation's
selflessness~altruisme
desalinates~desalinates
Olaf~Olaf
crosshatching~crosshatching
throb~palpiter
Mauriac's~MAURIAC de
academy~académie
genius~genius
elasticated~elasticated
marketing's~commercialisation de
Wesleyan's~Années Wesleyan
packagers~emballeurs
OT~OT
leukemic~leucémique
cravings~cravings
inexpedient~inopportun
roisterer~fêtard
ringleader's~de chef de bande
Carnegie~Carnegie
irremovable~invincible
buildings~bâtiments
staphylococcus~staphylocoque
heroin's~de l'héroïne
darts~darts
zealots~zélotes
phosphor's~phosphore de
shamanistic~chamanique
capsulising~capsulising
reincorporated~réincorporés
gratuities~gratuities
Provencals~Provencals
Jan's~de Jan
shirkers~shirkers
swimwear~maillots de bain
lickings~raclées
indies~indies
underestimation's~sous-évaluation de
polymerises~polymérise
appointment's~La nomination de
nipples~mamelons
chasubles~chasubles
underlay~thibaude
spouse's~conjoint
thicko~thicko
frat's~frat's
percale's~Années percale
flatfoot's~flatfoot's
bulging~renflé
floweriness~floweriness
mussier~Mussier
fornication~fornication
Marple~Marple
hobgoblin's~Hobgoblin de
germicidal~germicidal
wainscots~lambris
adobe~adobe
schussed~schussed
scrams~AAR
petards~petards
hatted~hatted
assembly~Assemblée
Carlsbad's~Carlsbad de
wannabee~wannabee
superfluousness~superfluité
integrator~intégrateur
severe~sévère
external's~external's
barhopped~barhopped
eluded~eluded
dorm~dorm
Gideon's~Gédéon
initially~initialement
bidet~bidet
mat's~tapis de
interurban~interurbain
Tsimshian's~Tsimshian de
Antwerp's~Anvers de
defacers~defacers
fuel's~fuel's
proactive~proactif
webmistress's~de webmistress
acetylene's~acétylène de
Modesto~Modesto
transshipment's~transbordements de
Amy's~Amy
Josue~Josue
Brno's~Brno de
bumbled~bumbled
highhandedness~autoritarisme
ravishes~ravit
guarder~guarder
observation's~observation de
jutted~débordaient
contralto~contralto
chalet's~chalet de
grave~grave
sonars~sonars
decoders~decoders
resp~resp
LPG~GPL
neocons~néo-conservateurs
quietude's~quietude de
iambus~iambe
Oregonians~Oregonians
mukluk~mukluk
thatcher's~thatcher de
funnyman's~funnyman's
wheeling~Wheeling
intermix~mélanger
scud's~scud de
educations~educations
tartest~tartest
telecommuter's~télétravailleur de
Matt~Mat
halberds~halberds
resettlement's~réinstallation de
Moiseyev~Moïsseïev
rubbed~frotté
mushier~mushier
dissevered~dissevered
PJ's~PJ
active's~Active
AWOL's~de AWOL
glitching~glitching
keeper's~le gardien de
speedster~speedster
visuals~visuels
cauldrons~chaudrons
felon's~felon's
Moses~Moïse
drying~drying
fishwives~fishwives
Bolivian's~bolivienne de
gables~gables
bearding~Bearding
taped~enregistré
maladroit~maladroit
foresails~foresails
sulphate~sulfate
Forbes~Forbes
unmovable~unmovable
haply~haply
psyching~psyching
wienies~wienies
shufflers~shufflers
unzipped~décompressé
particleboard~panneaux de particules
geometry~geometry
invigilator~surveillant
plumbing~plomberie
duckpins's~duckpins's
Bahamas's~Bahamas de
shakeout~décochage
monomania~monomanie
diving~diving
unproven~non prouvée
nondenominational~non confessionnelle
cooker's~cooker's
tolerance~tolérance
meanie~meanie
Iphigenia's~Iphigénie de
vesicular~vésiculaire
evisceration's~evisceration's
Barnum~Barnum
deteriorate~deteriorate
backfires~se retourne contre
prefab~maison préfabriquée
hesitancy~hésitation
illustrated~illustré
meerschaum~écume de mer
solution's~solutions
balboas~balboas
balance's~soldes
triceratops~Triceratops
outfought~outfought
harmonica's~harmonica's
Keisha~Keisha
dices~dices
sweetbread's~ris de
enamoured~enamoured
papery~parcheminé
palisade~palissade
antechamber~antichambre
SOP's~SOP
frays~frays
varsity's~de Varsity
VA~Virginie
anorexics~anorexiques
Sn~Sn
industriousness~industrieux
dexterous~dexterous
couple~couple
objectionably~désagréablement
wood~bois
shipped~Expédié
seamen~marins
tops~dessus
Polyphemus's~Années Polyphemus
cachet's~cachet de
Hertz's~Hertz de
Xuzhou's~xuzhou de
bluenose~nez bleu
Paraguayans~Paraguayens
hoed~hoed
appeasement's~de l'apaisement
hermit~ermite
completions~complétions
cannibal~cannibale
dropped~dropped
clinked~tinter
scumbag's~scumbag de
wrack~varech
camellia's~Années camélia
exhaustion~exhaustion
mimic~imiter
NPR's~NPR
confectioners~confiseurs
Kiowas~Kiowas
identically~identiquement
Koontz~Koontz
decolonisation's~decolonisation's
impracticability~impraticabilité
penniless~sans le sou
Mike~Mike
straitjackets~camisoles
quarrying~carrières
eyebrow~eyebrow
granddaughter~granddaughter
disagreed~disagreed
flatbed's~flatbed's
greasier~greasier
Asgard~Asgard
Fergus's~Fergus de
busboys~busboys
blockades~blocus
Bostonian~bostonian
git~git
masculine's~masculin de
unsure~incertain
nutter~cinglé
pothead~fumeur de haschisch
refusal~refus
underclothing's~de sous-vêtement
frock's~frock's
scotched~scotched
assailable~attaquable
weightiness's~de pesanteurs
yea's~YEA de
acme~acmé
thrive~prospérer
funk's~funk's
ditches~ditches
marsupial~marsupial
Barranquilla~Barranquilla
hymnal's~hymnal de
peasant~paysan
showoff's~Années Showoff
sago's~sagou de
conformity's~conformité de
Faith's~Faith
orchestra's~Orchestre de
Ophiuchus's~Années Ophiuchus
solubility's~de solubilité
serials~publications en série
protuberant~protubérant
batten~latte
wife's~épouse
comedienne~comédienne
digression~digression
preached~prêché
PVC~PVC
frigate~frigate
stonkered~stonkered
zebra~zèbre
asexuality's~asexualité de
terapixel~terapixel
dough~dough
inconclusive~peu concluant
disposer's~disposer's
Norths~nords
Gaelic's~gaéliques
domains~domains
Zamenhof's~Zamenhof de
auction~enchères
infomercial's~de publi-reportage
glut~glut
neoclassic~neoclassic
mailshot~mailshot
betrayals~trahisons
cultivation's~cultivation's
harbours~harbours
intransigent~intransigeant
goof's~goof's
yogic~yogique
contaminates~contaminates
monocular~monoculaire
Jerrod's~Jerrod de
remoteness~éloignement
counteraction's~counteraction's
corduroy~corduroy
drop's~drop's
petrifying~pétrifiante
asparagus's~asperges de
spells~sorts
psyched~psyched
shushed~shushed
featherier~featherier
aces~aces
duckies~duckies
obscures~Obscures
eventuality~eventuality
Kieth~Kieth
abject~abject
surgery~chirurgie
reinspects~reinspects
Kay~Kay
nadirs~nadir
emolument~emolument
joshers~joshers
interlard~entrelarder
jawbone~maxillaire
valiant~vaillant
unsubstantiated~non fondées
impassibility~impassibilité
covey's~covey's
motherboards~cartes mères
decoded~decoded
Master~Maîtriser
saltine's~Années saltine
impractically~impractically
patronises~patronne
dotty~dotty
scag~scag
doghouses~doghouses
razor's~rasoir de
Forster's~Forster
standpipe's~de standpipe
trillium's~trille de
matriculates~matriculates
succeed~réussir
vs~contre
goulashes~goulashes
nickelodeon's~nickelodeon de
utilise~utiliser
hydrant's~bouche d'incendie de
faucets~faucets
somnambulist~somnambule
abbey~une abbaye
overcapitalises~overcapitalises
BSD's~BSD de
galoshes~galoshes
Seychelles~les Seychelles
options~Options
peacefulness's~calme de
autobahn's~Années autobahn
dovecotes~dovecotes
Hearst~Hearst
fastidiousness's~fastidiousness's
derailed~derailed
dimmer~dimmer
structuralists~structuralistes
nag~harceler
Levi~Levi
capstone's~Capstone de
seed~la graine
Sabrina's~Sabrina de
peony~pivoine
procreating~procréateur
victualled~ont reçu des provisions
rescuer~sauveteur
empire~empire
snivellers~snivellers
downturns~downturns
Managua~Managua
zips~fermetures éclair
nondestructive~non destructive
witching~witching
revamp~réorganiser
salvaging~recuperation
Hugo~Hugo
reinvest~réinvestir
look's~regards
enslaved~enslaved
hexagons~hexagones
reorders~réassorts
abasement's~avilissement de
peahen~paonne
prestidigitation~prestidigitation
subtended~sous-tendu
senselessness~senselessness
Crimea~Crimée
supernova~supernova
hobbits~hobbits
Lodz~Lodz
Idahoans~Idahoans
eternity~eternity
filling~filling
cascades~cascades
albacore~germon
socked~Socked
ladyfinger~ladyfinger
honeydew's~de miellat
haberdasheries~haberdasheries
chapel~chapelle
alphabet's~alphabet de
dehumidifies~dehumidifies
undermining~sapant
skin~peau
infernally~infernalement
disordering~disordering
agronomy's~agronomie de
redaction's~redaction de
indiscreet~indiscret
tweedier~tweedier
Mexico's~du Mexique
broadsheet's~années broadsheet
macaroni~macaroni
muleskinners~muleskinners
downshift~downshift
naturists~naturists
pilgrims~pèlerins
catchphrase~slogan
workforce's~Population active du
typefaces~caractères typographiques
nonparticipant~non-participants
vivaciously~vivaciously
jiggle~se trémousser
flustering~flustering
satanism~satanisme
acidifies~acidifie
ablative's~ablatif de
ceramicists~céramistes
recordings~enregistrements
drawers~drawers
gimleted~gimleted
schnitzels~escalopes
innovator's~innovateur de
morally~moralement
Tibetan~Tibétain
plenitudes~plénitudes
desalted~desalted
whinges~whinges
Tompkins's~Années Tompkins
rhinoceros's~rhinocéros de
fertile~fertile
ditched~ditched
righteousness~droiture
stockiness's~stockiness de
deal~deal
snooker~billard
claimer~claimer
evict~evict
laths~liteaux
zeppelin~Zeppelin
crispier~crispier
steepened~pentifiée
Walloon~Wallonie
ductility's~ductility's
Peter~Peter
waterproof's~résiste à l'eau
Gog's~Gog de
belching~crachant
Liechtensteiners~Liechtensteinois
topsail's~hunier de
Nicobar's~Nicobar de
biosynthesis~biosynthèse
variegates~variegates
tattletale~commère
gloriously~gloriously
arraying~rangeant
contentiously~contentiously
Madison~Madison
babel's~babel de
pensioners~retraités
asceticism~ascétisme
tremendous~énorme
bureaucrats~bureaucrates
photo~photo
accident's~les accidents
honeycomb's~nid d'abeille de
blinked~cligna des yeux
Scotia's~ÉCOSSE
greengrocer~greengrocer
niacin's~niacin de
Russia's~rUSSE
Haber's~Haber de
Rubik's~Rubik
limbos~limbes
contravenes~contravenes
magus's~Années magus
situating~situer
Delphinus~Delphinus
ridgepole~faîtage
eyelet's~eyelet's
knackering~knackering
southerlies~vents du sud
intones~InTones
cloying~écoeurante
expansion~expansion
mudflats~vasières
prickle~picoter
injudiciousness's~peu judicieux de
forenoon~forenoon
batch~lot
Adela~Adela
attn~Attn
belittle~rabaisser
ovulation's~de l'ovulation
luxuriance's~de luxuriance
illiterate~analphabète
Tosca~Tosca
loudhailers~mégaphones
leaf's~feuille de
Damocles's~de DAMOCLES
blueprint~plan
vireo's~Années Vireo
tractability's~de tractability
Ajax~Ajax
bullfrog~grosse grenouille
King's~Rois
Montezuma's~Montezuma
Philippine~Philippines
psychosomatic~psychosomatique
collection~collection
imparting~conférant
noncriminal~non criminelle
Draconian's~de draconiens
mars~Mars
Tito~Tito
ECMAScript's~ECMAScript de
mindedness~esprit
blimey~blimey
slobbery~baveux
schoolbook's~Livres d'école
squeakily~squeakily
antigen~antigène
boorish~rustre
presupposing~présupposant
Schiller~Schiller
thriftier~thriftier
creditor's~creditor's
metabolising~métabolisation
anecdotally~anecdotiquement
bearishness's~bearishness de
rotunda~rotonde
Mon's~Mon de
figure's~figure's
goldbrick~goldbrick
skeins~écheveaux
Nootka~Nootka
staunches~staunches
wagerer~wagerer
worsted~peignée
ashcan's~Années ashcan
carrier's~support de
southeast's~au sud-est de
Robert's~de Robert
Shanna's~Shanna de
filmmakers~filmmakers
rehearse~répéter
snowsuit's~snowsuit de
Macbeth's~Macbeth
seigneurs~seigneurs
Thespian's~Années parole qui danse
nonwhite~nonwhite
straightens~redressant
disseminating~disseminating
nosier~noster
medievalist~médiéviste
unreliably~unreliably
twinged~twinged
bikers~motards
regal~royal
maturity's~la maturité de
editorship's~editorship's
listlessness's~de manque d'énergie
tannery~tannerie
subculture's~de sous-culture
Athenian's~Années d'Athènes
noncorroding~noncorroding
sickbed~lit de malade
o'clock~heure
quantifier's~de quantificateurs
susceptibility's~la sensibilité de
battleship~bataille navale
cautiousness's~de Circonspection
filibusterer~filibusterer
being~étant
Lakeisha's~Lakeisha de
tantamount~équivalent
hideousness~hideur
unblinkingly~ciller
misspeak~misspeak
Trident~Trident
outmanoeuvre~déjouer les plans
Marlboro's~Marlboro
maidservant~servante
Mali~Mali
strangles~gourme
codependents~codependents
doctors~doctors
skywards~Skywards
filth's~filth's
attacking~attaque
Randi~Randi
vary~varier
superheros~Superheros
Sprint's~Sprint
artilleryman's~de artilleur
assorts~assortit
unearths~déterre
neighbourliness~bon voisinage
gumboil~gumboil
listing~inscription
gondoliers~gondoliers
stance~position
wiglet~wiglet
zygotes~zygotes
admiration's~l'admiration de
sleepwalker~somnambule
capitalise~capitaliser
Sunnites~Sunnites
thingumabob~machin
majorette~Majorette
misguide~dévoyer
dawdle~dawdle
googles~googles
maxilla's~Années maxilla
perpetrators~auteurs
parboiled~étuvé
Rehnquist~Rehnquist
coincided~coïncidait
grackles~grackles
polled~sondé
stultifying~abrutissant
puce's~puce de
attuning~vulgarisation de
degeneracy's~degeneracy's
smack~claque
petition~pétition
Metamucil~Metamucil
coxcomb's~coxcomb's
nowhere's~nulle part est
submergence~submersion
seaport's~port de
ABM~ABM
unhindered~sans entrave
tensest~plus tendu
rashness's~de témérités
embezzled~embezzled
cadger's~cadger de
introspective~introspectif
Minot's~Minot de
Olympians~Olympiens
cummerbund~cummerbund
assemble~assembler
Antichrist's~Antichrist
etymologist's~etymologist's
equivalencies~equivalencies
PD~PD
Blackburn~Blackburn
infusers~infusers
swashing~clapotement
boardrooms~salles de conférence
luggage~bagage
unloading~déchargement
bratwursts~bratwursts
busking~busking
smuttier~smuttier
Malians~Maliens
lulls~accalmies
unconventionality~anticonformisme
underskirt~jupon
viziers~vizirs
disengagements~disengagements
secretiveness's~de cachotteries
businesswoman's~d'affaires de
canticle's~de cantique
Puccini~Puccini
Krishnamurti's~Krishnamurti de
grimier~grimier
blowtorches~chalumeaux
shortchanges~shortchanges
broncobuster's~de broncobuster
impeaches~destitue
dropkick~dropkick
deadbolt's~deadbolt's
townspeople~habitants de la ville
monism's~de monisme
biosensors~biocapteurs
unguent~onguent
guaranis~guaranis
policemen~policiers
desensitisation~desensitisation
Aida~Aida
Lyra~Lyre
Terri~Terri
bugbears~bugbears
undernourished~sous-alimenté
oarswoman's~de rameuse
chalcedony's~Années calcédoine
daydreamed~daydreamed
overindulged~overindulged
terrorises~terrorise
gunnel's~gunnel's
moonlights~moonlights
recuses~récuse
ethnologist~ethnologist
interring~enterrant
smeariest~smeariest
lefts~gauchistes
dramatisations~dramatisations
pecker~quéquette
amount~montant
roper's~Roper
crane's~crane's
enchanters~enchanters
Thailand~Thaïlande
telecommunications's~de télécommunications
metro~métro
contrary~contrary
winterising~hivernage
Alioth~Alioth
foxhound's~foxhound's
boys~garçons
Wiley~Wiley
wedgies~wedgies
scampi~scampi
considerateness~considerateness
gore's~gore's
Narraganset~Narraganset
Sunnyvale~Sunnyvale
overthrows~renversements
Amerind's~amerind de
discordantly~discordantly
mealybugs~cochenilles
hedonist~hédoniste
stoppable~arrêtable
steepen~rendre abrupt
brutally~brutalement
sedge's~carex de
Hamsun~Hamsun
puniness's~chétivité de
drawing~drawing
attended~assisté
orchid's~années orchidée
sweeper's~balayeuse de
railroading's~de railroading
consensual~consensuel
dingoes~dingoes
dole~dole
poster's~affiches
okapi's~de okapi
Zimbabwe's~du Zimbabwe
Scranton's~Scranton de
fog's~fog's
escallop's~escallop's
amiability's~de l'amabilité
roundelays~rondeaux
unbent~déplié
shin's~tibias de
rearresting~rearresting
Mercator~Mercator
minx's~Années Minx
cultivate~cultivate
fluke~fluke
av~un V
lorded~trônait
dido~dido
Rojas's~Années Rojas
monastery's~monastère de
historiographer's~historiographe de
Precambrian~Précambrien
anaconda's~Années anaconda
yen~yen
patchwork~patchwork
epilogue~epilogue
unconfined~ouvert
womanish~efféminé
denouncements~denouncements
preemption's~de préemption
Barnard's~Barnard
testified~a témoigné
Bodhisattva's~Bodhisattva de
paternal~paternel
predetermines~prédétermine
description~description
stoup~bénitier
fasted~fasted
sycophant~flagorneur
URLs~URL
Sankara's~Shankara de
daces~daces
scrapbook~album
lawfulness's~légalité de
hollow~creux
signalisation~signalisation
importations~importations
archangels~archanges
indubitable~indubitable
reaper's~faucheur
Talmud's~Talmud de
Freemasonry~Franc-maçonnerie
phosphates~phosphates
triggering~déclenchement
Altamira's~Altamira de
meter's~mètre de
funk~funk
werewolf's~loup-garou de
shopfitters~Shopfitters
snores~ronflements
ornamented~ornementé
sailboard~planche à voile
malapropism's~malapropism de
pram~landau
archaism's~de l'archaïsme
mock~moquer
shyness's~de la timidité
Burroughs~Burroughs
Casanovas~Casanovas
homograph~homographe
unscrambling~débrouillage
crouton's~crouton's
compulsive~compulsif
solidest~solidest
metaphorically~métaphoriquement
moviegoers~amateurs de cinéma
bearers~porteurs
disconnects~disconnects
Ayurveda's~Ayurveda de
perspicuity~perspicuity
tollway's~de route à péage
functionaries~functionaries
Yakima~yakima
Pippin's~Pippin de
rye~seigle
panda~Panda
Ave's~avé
embroiders~embroiders
spavined~spavined
sauerkraut~Choucroute
backbench~arrière-ban
broadsword's~broadsword de
hypnotic's~hypnotiques de
sable's~martre de
tomcat's~de tomcat
Hunter~chasseur
admirable~admirable
entreatingly~entreatingly
cunt~cunt
proselyte~prosélyte
reprimanding~réprimandant
tenpins~quille
sour's~sour
complied~est conformé
temporariness's~de temporariness
fag's~fag's
cafes~les cafés
Hirobumi~Hirobumi
shrike's~Shrike de
punitive~punitif
Fronde~Fronde
desisted~desisted
Lully~Lully
derivation~derivation
revolutionised~révolutionné
genre's~genre's
Marathi's~marathi de
onset~début
pshaw~Peuh
cobweb~araignée
manics~manics
osculations~osculations
Ava~Ava
accessibility's~l'accessibilité de
Nettie's~Nettie de
torques~couples
hypersensitiveness's~de l'hypersensibilité
differences~differences
Shintoisms~Shintoisms
pontificate~pontificat
prophesier's~prophesier de
Rastafarian's~Années rastafari
bicycling~aller à vélo
spurious~faux
effluvium's~effluvium's
interferon~interféron
reincorporating~réincorporer
jawbone's~machoire de
spectroscopes~spectroscopes
uncoupling~désaccouplement
contains~contains
sulkily~boudant
crinkle~crinkle
Rockwell's~Rockwell de
prey's~proie de
condolence~condoléances
brainchild's~idée originale de
qualification's~qualifications
predicative~prédicatif
stick~bâton
cargoes~cargaisons
lampshade~abat-jour
our~notre
deficiencies~deficiencies
sectioning~sectionnant
Jamaican's~de la Jamaïque
submerges~submerge
Bangladesh's~du Bangladesh
topographically~topographiquement
credulousness's~credulousness's
wheezy~asthmatique
girdles~girdles
larger~plus grand
Andalusian~Andalousie
bacterium's~bactérie de
parquets~parquets
UL~UL
hardily~hardily
accidental's~accidentelle de
unbolting~déboulonnage
jab's~Commission paritaire de recours de
identical~identique
Easter~Pâques
Clare~Clare
Voyager's~Voyager de
paltrier~paltrier
reawakened~réveillées
Themistocles's~Années Thémistocle
kaleidoscopes~kaléidoscopes
melancholics~mélancoliques
Mullins's~Mullins de
sch~sch
scramming~scramming
burglary's~de cambriolage
Superior~Supérieur
bombs~bombes
misunderstands~méprend
varmint~vaurien
disciples~disciples
erythrocyte~erythrocyte
Junes~Junes
crisscrosses~crisscrosses
mistake's~erreur de
gist~gist
incarcerate~incarcérer
seasoning's~assaisonnement de
rot~pourrir
Eocene~Éocène
heisting~heisting
coiner's~coiner de
anoraks~anoraks
portable's~de portables
brazened~effronté
Senior's~pour personnes âgées
waterlines~conduites d'eau
sparsity's~de parcimonie
opaquer~opacifiant
roomy~spacieux
Caph~Caph
junketeer's~junketeer de
wielder's~de manieur
tippling~tippling
Eula's~CLUF de
anchovy's~anchois de
whittled~amenuisé
yogis~yogis
intersects~intersecte
Fourier's~Fourier
bringer~Bringer
conformist~conformiste
eared~eared
requesting~demander
acrimoniousness~acrimoniousness
retching~retching
cads~goujats
Jennie's~Jennie de
Jr's~Jr de
cohabitant~cohabitant
cemeteries~cimetières
concessionaire~concessionnaire
settler's~colon de
moderated~modéré
homegrown~Homegrown
losings~losings
forsaken~forsaken
frame~frame
baffle's~années chicane
contraband's~contraband's
Schwinger~Schwinger
undeclared~non déclaré
fare~fare
brainstorms~brainstormings
childbirths~obstétricaux
zeroing~réduction à zéro
remixed~remixé
streptomycin~streptomycine
GIGO~GIGO
ales~ales
nutritiously~nutritiously
extraterritoriality~extraterritoriality
linguists~linguistes
alkyd's~alkydes de
glucose's~glucose's
palatalising~palatalising
bullrings~arenes
lynchers~lynchers
direst~direst
Chandrasekhar's~Chandrasekhar de
autonomy's~l'autonomie de
haciendas~haciendas
canape~Canape
negotiations~négociations
Tues's~mar de
nineteenth~dix-neuvième
carpetbagging~carpetbagging
chromosome~chromosome
Piedmont's~Piémont de
litres~litres
sphagnum~sphaigne
smelt's~de l'éperlan
bums~clochards
groin's~groin's
carefully~soigneusement
disbandment~disbandment
Witwatersrand's~Witwatersrand de
bestiary's~Bestiaire de
crayfish's~crayfish's
numberless~innombrable
Godspeed's~Godspeed de
reprisals~représailles
Americanises~Americanises
cadets~cadets
underhand~sournois
Capek~Capek
princeliness's~princeliness de
magnums~magnums
breeder's~éleveur de
faceless~faceless
revers's~Années revers
selvage's~selvage de
signification~signification
annoys~agace
selfless~désintéressé
nutrients~nutriments
Pleistocene~pléistocène
definitively~definitively
cesspits~fosses septiques
creme~creme
Sicily~Sicile
incinerates~incinère
disastrous~disastrous
monarch~monarque
boatmen~canotiers
Belorussian~Belorussian
Tibet~Tibet
adze's~de herminette
yodel's~Années yodel
peewee's~pee-wee de
Muscovy's~Moscovie de
timberland~région boisée
bewitched~enchanté
microbiology~microbiologie
chewiness's~chewiness de
pedicab~pedicab
senoritas~senoritas
dipsomania's~dipsomania's
Deadhead~nullité
verbal~verbal
disgusted~disgusted
Blackstone's~Blackstone
backsliders~relaps
blunt~émousser
carsickness~carsickness
slushiness~slushiness
amelioration~amélioration
conformism~conformismes
crust~crust
adjourns~ajournera
subservience's~de obséquiosité
telemarketing's~télémarketing de
cheeseparing's~pingre de
pilferers~chapardeurs
Toledos~Toledos
hosting~hébergement
ascots~ascots
brass's~laiton de
gimpy~gimpy
largely~en grande partie
chemo~chimio
eructed~eructed
denationalised~denationalised
coincidence~coïncidence
GB~GB
apothecary's~apothicaire de
Higashiosaka~Higashiosaka
moulded~moulé
Harmon~Harmon
Tungus's~tungus de
Nevadan's~Nevadan de
rupturing~rupture
meetings~réunions
inching~approche lente
Murasaki's~Murasaki de
ethos~ethos
tribulation's~tribulation de
boned~désossée
heretic~hérétique
seniority~ancienneté
Jenkins's~Jenkins de
misdoings~misdoings
Exchequer~Échiquier
coarsens~vulgarise
splotchier~splotchier
foxiness's~foxiness's
drowsed~drowsed
incompatible's~incompatibles de
corpuscle's~corpuscle's
Gish~Gish
neg~neg
rosily~Rosily
geographies~geographies
backtalk's~Années Backtalk
Kathleen's~Kathleen
castigate~fustiger
remount's~remount de
intertwines~enlace
curfew~curfew
crafting~crafting
fruitless~fruitless
reactionary~réactionnaire
mugful's~de tasse pleine de
sensational~sensationnel
pyxes~ciboires
magnesium~magnésium
Eugene's~Eugene de
handgun~handgun
Caligula's~Caligula
piecing~assemblant
angoras~angoras
rumpled~chiffonné
macabre~macabre
uvula~luette
adsorption~adsorption
telegram~télégramme
doorstep~doorstep
salvage's~de sauvetage
exacerbate~exacerbate
waterboard's~de waterboard
outfights~outfights
London's~LONDRES
splintered~éclaté
gofer~gofer
exaggeratedly~exaggeratedly
Seattle's~Seattle de
conservative's~de conservateurs
surge's~montée subite de
radiocarbon's~de radiocarbone
queerer~plus étrange
equiv~equiv
lime's~citrons verts
flapper's~flapper's
shin~tibia
censers~encensoirs
morticians~pompes funèbres
clank~cliquetis
bets~paris
thyroidal~thyroïdien
accentuates~accentue
asp~aspic
toboggan's~luge de
Siberia~Sibérie
modernity~la modernité
Juno~Juno
Paleocene~Paléocène
voted~voté
Rolaids~Rolaids
additives~des additifs
above~au dessus
legionnaires~légionnaires
radiometry~radiométrie
transmutation's~de transmutation
giantess's~giantess's
separator~séparateur
psychoneurosis's~psychoneurosis de
disesteem's~disesteem's
magnolia~magnolia
oppresses~opprime
wrote~a écrit
women's~aux femmes
teeing~aire de départ
uncap~Déboucher
lifeboat's~canot de sauvetage de
games~games
Indies's~Années Indes
walling~maçonnage
Pincus's~Pincus de
carcass's~carcasse de
squealers~mouchards
rods~crayons
restrengthened~restrengthened
artistically~artistique
Dr~Dr
Rocky~Rocheux
sporty~sportif
allowances~allocations
eatery~eatery
asphalted~asphalté
bile~bile
significance's~l'importance de
amniocentesis~amniocentèse
tank~réservoir
warfare~guerre
micros~micro-ordinateurs
swaggered~pavane
Waterford's~Waterford de
apple~Pomme
forest's~forest's
propagates~se propage
impermanence~impermanence
polyunsaturated~poly-insaturés
heel~talon
racketeer~racketteur
armoured~blindé
rodeo~rodeo
Paleozoic's~Paléozoïque de
expressway~expressway
onside~sur le côté
overturned~renversé
specifications~Caractéristiques
silver~argent
boniest~boniest
pantheism's~de panthéisme
formulator~formulator
slug~limace
definite~definite
Octavio's~Octavio de
yuppify~yuppify
opes~OPE
flashbulb's~flashbulb's
Marisa~Marisa
Ural~Ural
Dadaism's~dadaïsme de
sidekicks~Sidekicks
stockings~bas
caring's~soins de
Mandy~Mandy
USN~USN
highlanders~Highlanders
Theravada's~Theravada de
gemological~gemological
dread's~dread's
Re's~Re de
Vt~Vermont
cotillions~cotillions
forecasters~forecasters
creak's~creak's
Proserpine~Proserpine
refused~refusé
bouillon's~Bouillon
leak~fuite
impaled~empalé
Carolingian's~carolingienne de
buccaneer~boucanier
amalgamations~fusions
flapped~flapped
extruding~extruding
Oxonian's~Années Oxonian
endoscopic~endoscopic
profiteer~profiteur
assailing~assaillir
occupant~occupant
Uranus's~d'Uranus
Shakespeare~Shakespeare
bowman's~bowman de
outgun~outgun
standee's~de standee
Hernandez~Hernandez
capitulated~capitulé
recoiling~reculante
resolvable~résoluble
piece's~des morceaux
resource's~Ressources
Ozark's~Ozark de
breakwater's~brise-lames de
opinionated~dogmatique
completeness~état complet
decoying~decoying
analogise~analogise
motet's~de motet
courier~courier
dreamland~dreamland
marginalia~notes marginales
sriracha~Sriracha
satinwood~bois de citronnier
Venn~Venn
buildup's~l'accumulation de
Ptah~Ptah
Hogarth~Hogarth
rucked~rucked
cranberries~cranberries
unsinkable~insubmersible
pretext's~sous prétexte de
concussive~concussive
Tomlin~Tomlin
step's~pas
bathroom~salle de bains
Rubicons~Rubicons
indemnities~indemnités
billycans~billycans
researching~recherche
extremest~extremest
denationalisation~denationalisation
personable~charmant
Vilyui's~Vilyui de
dossier's~dossier's
bushel's~boisseaux de
wore~portait
Beasley's~Beasley
squab's~Années pigeonneau
shellacking~shellacking
gobble~gobble
Pernod's~Pernod de
sealants~mastics
idly~paresseusement
mosquito's~moustique de
stride's~stride
peninsula~péninsule
Ribbentrop~Ribbentrop
city~ville
approx~environ
slushy~détrempé
Shah~Shah
redcoat~manteau rouge
stanchions~chandeliers
impulsiveness's~de l'impulsivité
rickets~rachitisme
Cauchy~cauchy
worthiest~digne
brioche~brioche
mocks~se moque
survivors~survivants
rutting~orniérage
papist~papiste
onrushes~onrushes
buttonholes~boutonnières
stubbier~stubbier
airships~dirigeables
enactment's~enactment's
Bauhaus~Bauhaus
overeat~trop manger
several~nombreuses
oldsters~oldsters
kilolitres~kilolitres
Simpsons's~Simpsons de
boundary~frontière
polkaing~polkaing
vets~Vets
models~des modèles
guardianship~guardianship
hologram~hologramme
enclave's~enclave's
plasticity~plasticité
scar~cicatrice
cossetting~cossetting
detergent's~detergent's
bump~bosse
commanded~commandé
midge~moucheron
gunfight's~gunfight's
birthmark~tache de naissance
prudently~avec prudence
syllogism~syllogisme
Eucharist~Eucharistie
Brunelleschi~Brunelleschi
machination's~de machination
content's~content's
Indies~Indes
potables~Potables
intuitiveness's~de intuitivité
splicers~colleuses
befuddles~befuddles
detained~detained
grub's~grub's
rehanged~rehanged
Porter's~Porter
Spitsbergen's~Spitsbergen de
semifinalists~demi-finalistes
pornographer's~de pornographe
Charlemagne's~Charlemagne
shinbone~tibia
philatelist~philatéliste
allegation's~L'allégation
dactylics~dactylics
elk's~elk's
masthead's~Masthead de
mesquite's~Années prosopis
unrighteousness~unrighteousness
Rastafarianism~rastafarisme
crook's~crook's
cavalry~cavalerie
compulsories~danse imposée
Carmela~Carmela
botanic~botanic
centimetres~centimètres
chop~hacher
Waksman~Waksman
Steinmetz~Steinmetz
opposing~opposé
recriminatory~récriminatoire
fluids~fluids
Soddy~Soddy
stocks~réserves
dodgiest~dodgiest
horizontal~horizontal
pone~pain de mais
Bridgeport's~Bridgeport de
lighthearted~enjouée
slickest~slickest
searchlights~searchlights
sempstress's~lingère de
kite's~cerf-volant de
aloofness's~distanciation de
ricotta's~années ricotta
pluralism~pluralisme
lathing~lattage
handshakings~handshakings
Montpelier~Montpelier
musicologist~musicologue
sheen~éclat
hikers~randonneurs
exertion's~exertion's
downhill~downhill
dray~dray
herpes~herpès
partiality~partialité
handbag~handbag
tantalisation's~tantalisation de
opponent's~adversaire
amides~amides
languid~languissant
splashdown's~de l'amerrissage
twigging~twigging
irresponsibility~irresponsabilité
lie's~mensonge de
okra~gombo
gentleman's~gentleman's
extraordinaire~extraordinaire
Clem's~Clem de
calumniating~calomnier
uproar's~tumulte de
competencies~compétences
insouciant~insouciant
dissect~dissect
integer's~entier de
Congolese~congolais
transliterate~translitérer
Nikolai's~Nikolai de
fans~fans
Fargo~Fargo
unassuming~modeste
salivation~salivation
masturbate~masturber
infectious~infectieux
tolerantly~tolérant
oyster~huître
sepia's~sépia de
Zika~Zika
survey's~enquêtes
atavists~atavists
semicolon's~virgule de
idealistic~idéaliste
nonpublic~non publiques
votes~votes
eyeteeth~eyeteeth
angina's~de l'angine de poitrine
episcopal~episcopal
metricating~metricating
handicapper~handicapper
chronological~chronologique
unsaddled~sans selle
mezzanines~mezzanines
Mattel's~Mattel de
hosiery~bonneterie
whoppers~énormités
SPF~SPF
physicist~physicien
hurdling's~de la course de haies
meats~viandes
marks~des notes
unquoted~unquoted
lucubrates~lucubrates
tripod~trépied
mm~mm
alewife~alose
phenobarbital~phénobarbital
discoverer's~discoverer's
beauty's~la beauté de
postmodernists~postmodernistes
foremast~foremast
prod's~de prod
misconducting~misconducting
greeting's~greeting's
swines~malpropres
profound~profond
marquetry's~Marqueterie de
Jenkins~Jenkins
programmable~programmable
educationist~educationist
cosmetologist's~cosmetologist's
milksop~chiffe molle
hyperspace~hyperespace
selected~choisi
yuks~yuks
walkway's~passerelle de
jackpot~cagnotte
Mesolithic's~mésolithique de
remorselessly~implacablement
bloodied~sanglant
reconstitution's~reconstitution de
diggings's~diggings's
bedchambers~bedchambers
latrine's~latrines
blusterer~fanfaron
Gallup's~Gallup
Cherry's~cerise de
flaming~flaming
ionisation~ionisation
francium~francium
jugglery~jonglerie
ides's~de ides
KO~KO
Cecilia's~Cecilia
stabber~stabber
wardens~gardiens
saran~saran
appendixes~annexes
tomography~tomographie
undertakings~entreprises
awl's~Années alêne
disinvestment's~disinvestment's
debenture's~debenture's
lapsed~devenue caduque
aerial~aérien
mg~mg
elastically~elastically
Guggenheim's~Guggenheim de
misguidance's~de misguidance
desensitising~desensitising
Fisk's~Fisk de
masher~masher
cube~cube
quarterbacks~quarterbacks
championed~le champion
everyplace~everyplace
parries~parades
ruins~ruines
Kidd~Kidd
hardiness's~hardiness's
disgraceful~disgraceful
escutcheon's~escutcheon's
conjoin~adjoindre
Thoroughbred's~pur-sang de
Floridian~floridien
nigger's~nigger de
Giotto~Giotto
Isidro's~Isidro de
homonym~homonyme
instinctively~instinctivement
uncommoner~uncommoner
fairing's~fairing's
configurations~configurations
betiding~betiding
minor~mineur
columbine's~ancolie de
introduced~introduit
photoengravers~photograveurs
Baedeker~Baedeker
bullwhips~fouets
deodoriser's~deodoriser's
legalese~legalese
tweaked~pincé
Ltd~Ltd
oceans~océans
hazels~noisetiers
heterogeneous~hétérogène
brothel's~bordels de
subroutines~sous-routines
deice~deice
arachnid~arachnide
furnished~furnished
boondoggle~cafouillis
applause~applaudissements
gaslight~gaslight
exobiology~exobiology
died~died
coordinating~coordinating
rudder's~gouvernail de
bullring~arène
middle's~milieu de
marriage's~du mariage
underdog's~Années outsider
woolly's~laineux de
resenting~sentant
import's~importations
haloing~haloing
divestment's~divestment's
limitation~limitation
slinky~séduisant
carouse's~de noce
psi's~psi de
notoriety~notoriété
triglyceride's~triglycérides de
supra~supra
tariffs~tarifs
Petty's~Petty de
cattleman's~de vacher
apathetically~apathetically
slyly~sournoisement
assimilation's~l'assimilation de
predication~attribution
toehold~prise pour le pied
canalisation's~de canalisation
gnawed~gnawed
hodgepodge's~méli-mélo de
pointer~aiguille
rows~lignes
splinter~éclat
repairers~réparateurs
unconquerable~invincible
mail's~mail de
illicitly~illicitement
halter~halter
osculating~osculating
savoy~Savoie
sonata's~années sonate
Dick's~Dick
inexperience~inexpérience
backhand's~revers de
electorate's~electorate's
chevalier~chevalier
preconditioning~préconditionnement
salinity's~salinité de
Grenada's~Grenade de
Annapurna~Annapurna
bassinet~berceau
la's~Las
chinaware's~chinaware de
lineup~s'aligner
plurality's~pluralité de
unimaginative~sans imagination
glamorisation~glamorisation
Llewellyn's~Llewellyn de
shinsplints's~Années shinsplints
Tuskegee's~Tuskegee de
entrant~entrant
allergists~Allergologues
hobo~clochard
bighead~grosse tête
tweaks~tweaks
soc~SGG
Scotswoman's~Écossaise de
monotonousness~monotonie
frankest~frankest
slops's~de slops
terrific~sensationnel
right's~droits
stranglehold's~carcan de
indifference's~l'indifférence de
goop's~goop's
transshipment~transbordement
Weill's~Weill
reparable~réparable
Enterprise's~Entreprises
Escondido~Escondido
Clive~Clive
violation~violation
stockbroker~agent de change
coachwork~carrossée
bassoonist's~bassoniste de
ease~ease
Kazakhs~Kazakhs
Tunney's~Pré Tunney
Dniester's~Dniestr de
apostle's~apôtre
compartmentalised~compartimenté
radiance's~rayonnement de
Newsweek's~Newsweek de
millilitres~millilitres
Durham's~Durham de
decaffeinate~decaffeinate
architrave~architrave
Coleman's~Coleman
Friedman's~Friedman
Dionysian~dionysiaque
bagged~mis en sac
hexed~ensorcelé
disrupting~disrupting
Eire~eire
Yamagata's~Yamagata de
takeoff's~le décollage de
you~toi
bellyache~mal au ventre
harmonicas~harmonicas
fly's~fly's
chaparral~chaparral
ejaculates~ejaculates
rezone~modifier le zonage
crescendos~crescendos
vogue's~vogue de
slunk~slunk
mannerly~poli
nonnarcotics~nonnarcotics
capsicum~latin
dithered~dithered
accustom~habituer
dervish~dervish
groupie~groupie
sentimentalised~sentimentalised
Philadelphia's~Philadelphie de
heedfully~heedfully
Ecuadorians~Equatoriens
killer's~tueur de
mind's~l'esprit de
teeter's~Années teeter
bulled~Bulled
puncheon~puncheon
bronco~Bronco
swill~déchets
undecided~indécis
villainy~infamie
keypunch~perforatrice
landfills~décharges
Cagney's~Cagney de
rerecords~rerecords
annihilates~annihile
flamingos~flamingos
Aleutian~Aléoutiennes
Scarborough~Scarborough
quadrupedal~quadrupède
neatens~neatens
centigram~centigramme
Truman~Truman
agriculturalist's~agronome de
stockpiling~constitution de stocks
defalcates~defalcates
phoneticians~phonéticiens
dozier~dozier
Cuban~cubain
fleeciest~fleeciest
ocelot~ocelot
decoupage~decoupage
hypochondriacs~hypocondriaques
simplification's~la simplification de
replica~réplique
cynosure's~cynosure's
philander~faire la cour aux femmes
resuscitator's~de réanimateur
defoliated~defoliated
harps~harpes
Procyon~Procyon
nippiest~nippiest
meteor's~météore de
Sherry~Sherry
innocence~innocence
Nureyev's~Noureev de
humours~humours
splatter~éclabousser
degenerating~degenerating
Caroline's~Caroline du
Honshu's~Honshu de
vilest~vile
viaducts~viaducs
scourged~flagellé
legation~légation
intelligentsia~intelligentsia
quenched~trempé
Titicaca~Titicaca
hefts~soupèse
vortexes~vortexes
Brzezinski's~Brzezinski
payroll~paie
serology~sérologies
monologues~monologues
menages~MENAGES
overtake~dépasser
Powers~Pouvoirs
speedily~rapidement
nitrification~nitrification
raptness~raptness
storybook's~livres d'histoire
hump~bosse
importantly~important
abracadabra's~Années abracadabra
milch~Milch
hominid's~Années hominidés
leptons~leptons
Grahame's~Grahame de
xcix~xcix
whelks~bulots
Quakerism's~Quakers de
resemblance~ressemblance
resonance's~résonance de
Heriberto~Heriberto
cabbies~les chauffeurs de taxi
cementers~cimentiers
swath~andain
digicams~digicams
takeaway~à emporter
counterclaim's~counterclaim's
skipping~saut
antiparticle~antiparticule
rookery~colonie
indigestible~indigeste
TARP~TARP
trot~trot
snowplowing~déneigement
sledder~sledder
Creole~le créole
sawyer~scieur
sheave's~réa de
gazes~gazes
lair's~tanière
blinding~aveuglant
supercity~SuperCity
prelates~prélats
Dwight's~Dwight de
overcasting~surjet
slumps~affaissements
wankers~branleurs
newspaperman's~de newspaperman
unused~inutilisé
Beckett's~Beckett
betrayal's~la trahison de
thermos's~thermos de
ephemerally~ephemerally
Chernomyrdin~Tchernomyrdine
Everest~Everest
flatfoot~flatfoot
knuckleduster~coup de poing américain
Cochise~Cochise
lamely~lamely
carefree~insouciant
superimposed~superposé
Yankee~yankee
Jerold~Jerold
crabs~crabs
pinheads~pinheads
weightily~weightily
parrying~parant
Delibes~Delibes
coning~cônage
find~find
acetone~acétone
southwestern~du sud-ouest
Eisenhower's~Eisenhower
unscrambled~débrouillée
Amaterasu's~Amaterasu de
glows~glows
stoplights~feux de circulation
throatiness~fanon
Khayyam's~Khayyam de
dyslexic~dyslexic
sheeny~lustré
plugin~brancher
groundless~groundless
typist~dactylographe
amontillados~amontillados
aquatint~aquatinte
keening~mélopée
civilises~civilise
blacking~noircissant
scatterbrains~étourdis
calcimine~calcimine
erector's~erector's
Hippocrates's~Années Hippocrates
boringly~ennuyeusement
badmouthing~médisances
corrosion's~corrosion's
wingtips~bouts d'ailes
discreetest~discreetest
congenitally~congénitalement
dailies~dailies
cockatrice~basilic
cataleptics~cataleptiques
corm~corm
sparrowhawks~éperviers
intermarried~mariaient
delicious~delicious
gungy~gungy
crematoria~crematoria
Schliemann~Schliemann
droopiness~droopiness
counties~counties
presence's~La présence de
karts~karts
vowing~jurant
Hecuba's~Hécube de
Lucien's~Lucien
commemorated~commémoré
yup's~de yup
bookmakers~bookmakers
leapfrogs~Leapfrogs
trousseaux~trousseaux
Airedale~airedale
fingerling~fingerling
tussock's~de houppes
nodular~nodulaire
normalisation's~la normalisation de
castrating~castratrice
nuns~religieuses
fums~fums
flooded~flooded
mortised~Mortised
choice~choix
greenwood~greenwood
prouder~plus fier
gearbox's~gearbox's
historicity's~de l'historicité
Vegas~Vegas
imprecate~imprecate
Carmella's~Carmella de
arbitrageur's~de arbitragiste
rabbiting~chasse au lapin
pestering~tracasseries
cut's~cut's
suffrage~suffrage
thankfully~heureusement
tattoos~tatouages
fogged~fogged
hypnotists~hypnotiseurs
Singapore's~Singapour de
bestially~bestialement
kennelled~chenil
deceases~deceases
enlivens~enlivens
adjunct's~de adjuvantes
bronchial~des bronches
Rawalpindi's~Rawalpindi de
lunatics~lunatiques
joyriding's~de joyriding
Queen's~Reine
carving's~de la sculpture
riposting~riposter
block's~bloc de
pullouts~pullouts
deposition's~deposition's
sympathise~sympathiser
nibbling~grignotant
Deon~Deon
paraphernalia~attirail
energetic~energetic
reorganisations~réorganisations
glossiness's~glossiness's
fester's~fester's
intimidate~intimider
Xenophon~Xénophon
hanky~hanky
longhand's~longhand de
reserpine's~de réserpine
thatching's~de déchaumer
Altiplano~Altiplano
irrelevancy's~de la non-pertinence
May~Mai
fifty's~fifty's
projectionist's~de projectionniste
cohesive~cohésif
maximised~maximisée
evinced~evinced
flecking~flecking
toe's~les orteils
spheroidal~sphéroïdal
NAACP~NAACP
edutainment's~edutainment's
WP~WP
finagler's~finagler's
realness~realness
monotones~monotones
pylorus~pylore
bird's~des oiseaux
scullion~Scullion
reattains~reattains
tomcats~matous
aggrieved~lésés
visualiser's~visualiseur de
blankly~avec des yeux vides
oz~oz
unzipping~dézipper
penury's~de la misère
azures~azurs
caliphate's~de califat
datebooks~datebooks
disorientated~disorientated
renominates~renominates
brim's~ras bord de
Americana's~americana de
overreacting~une réaction excessive
chromatography~Chromatographie
formfitting~formfitting
spyware's~de logiciels espions
barbarisms~barbarismes
antihistamines~antihistaminiques
peculiarities~particularités
diabolic~diabolic
hourly~toutes les heures
legs~jambes
paroxysms~paroxysmes
waldoes~waldoes
fortifies~fortifies
vetting~examen minutieux
synthesizer~synthétiseur
powdering~poudroiement
Wassermann~Wassermann
undrinkable~imbuvable
Kemp's~Kemp
heretic's~hérétique de
dummy's~dummy's
greyness's~greyness's
turgid~turgide
Studebaker's~Studebaker de
cerement~linceul
constricting~constriction
thematically~thématiquement
polynomials~polynômes
Clay's~Clay
waspish~grincheux
unalienable~unalienable
yowl's~miaulement de
inflection~inflexion
Juliette~Juliette
Neb~Bec
unlaced~délaça
suspecting~soupçonnant
millraces~biefs
unscented~unscented
Toronto~Toronto
choppiness~saccadées
loudspeaker's~haut-parleur de
Ola~Ola
scuffled~bagarré
rips~rips
reconstituted~reconstitué
impound~mettre en fourrière
transport~transport
carnations~oeillets
exults~exults
Cardin~Cardin
paternalism~paternalisme
caulk's~Années calfeutrer
ramshackle~délabré
connoisseurs~connaisseurs
recitalists~récitalistes
classify~classer
ingress~entrée
beadier~beadier
goitres~goitres
carpeting~moquette
op's~op de
hatchet's~de hache de guerre
huffily~huffily
fatheaded~fatheaded
adjured~adjuré
Malaysia~Malaisie
abutting~attenante
reprises~des reprises
visitors~visiteurs
slats~lattes
acceptance's~L'acceptation par
boondoggler's~boondoggler de
exultation~exultation
Flossie~Flossie
Adhara's~Années Adhara
airy~aéré
containerises~containerises
Galatia's~Galatie de
uninhabitable~inhabitable
Mamet's~Mamet de
erstwhile~erstwhile
engorgement's~engorgement's
dissimulating~dissimulating
infinitesimal~infinitésimale
shopaholic~Shopaholic
butte's~de Butte
dynamite's~dynamite's
Braque's~Braque
conics~conics
Niebuhr~Niebuhr
determinism~determinism
upstroke~upstroke
Munoz~Munoz
adopted~adopté
pacifying~apaisement
Attlee~Attlee
modesty's~modestie,
scow's~gabare de
Eridanus~Eridan
inhale~inhaler
tyrant~tyran
lubrication~lubrification
staples~agrafes
gloom~gloom
syncope~syncope
boga~boga
irregularity's~irrégularité de
Lulu~Lulu
Montezuma~Montezuma
doge's~doge's
millstream~Millstream
Sumatra~Sumatra
snugs~snugs
jackstraw's~jackstraw de
cease's~cessez de
Mohorovicic's~Mohorovicic de
forefather's~forefather's
Maoists~maoïstes
gondolier's~gondolier's
corrupted~corrupted
decentralisation~decentralisation
exiguity~exiguity
slurry~suspension
Ming's~Ming
assonance~assonance
prearranging~qu'incombe
singled~singularisé
renovates~renove
grappling~grappling
unfailingly~indéfectiblement
compliantly~souplement
umbilical~ombilical
secluding~secluding
crank~crank
envelope~envelope
warmonger~belliciste
ave~ave
revenge~vengeance
midi~midi
hawing~hawing
propitiation~propitiation
redeployment's~le redéploiement de
rigidness's~de rigidness
tree~arbre
Jules~Jules
pinkish~rosâtre
weathering~érosion
rusticates~rusticates
reaffirm~réaffirmer
reuse~réutilisation
vista's~vista de
banally~banalement
shortly~prochainement
jauntily~de façon désinvolte
friended~friended
cease~cesser
ambience's~ambiance de
coloniser's~colonisateur de
chalkier~chalkier
inquired~demanda
reintroduction's~réintroduction de
exhibitor's~exhibitor's
hajjis~hajjis
review's~avis
wellhead's~de tête de puits
scribal~scribal
being's~étant de
goodish~goodish
disinclination~disinclination
resistors~résistances
legals~mentions légales
mantras~mantras
policewomen~policière
quarterdecks~Quarterdecks
oil's~huiles
explosiveness~explosiveness
lies~mensonges
retailing~vente au détail
orator's~orateur de
husbanding~parcimonieuse
changeability~changeabilité
magi~Magi
plumier~plumier
picnic's~pique-nique de
sunshine~ensoleillement
untwist~défaire
Kharkov's~Kharkov de
ardently~ardemment
felony~felony
Raffles~Raffles
nappiest~nappiest
include~comprendre
Lilongwe~Lilongwe
hombre's~hombre de
equivocal~equivocal
sightly~beau
Cheetos's~Années Cheetos
Salinger~Salinger
recently~récemment
Alzheimer~Alzheimer
fodder's~fodder's
delaying~delaying
Rubik~Rubik
eavesdropping~eavesdropping
saucepan's~casserole de
tills~caisses enregistreuses
beechnut~beechnut
spherical~sphérique
committeemen~comitards
outshouting~outshouting
stetson~Stetson
trotter's~trotter de
unleaded~sans plomb
splatted~splatted
Cisco's~Cisco
Baggies's~Années Baggies
chatline~chat
descales~descales
Derby's~Derby années
cherries~cerises
almanac's~almanach de
eventuating~eventuating
marigolds~marigolds
monopolisation~monopolisation
Kewpie's~Kewpie de
rookie's~recrue de
crustiness~crustiness
Carrillo~Carrillo
reclamation~réclamation
semicolons~points-virgules
DDTs~DDTs
growth's~growth's
age~âge
expropriated~expropriated
sword's~épée
pawing~piaffe
cooperation~cooperation
filtrating~filtrating
mailbag's~de sac postal
commonsense~bon sens
monstrous~monstrueux
Mycenaean's~Années mycéniens
potsherd's~de tesson
kit's~trousse
oxygenate~oxygéner
pellets~pellets
Audion's~Audion de
Brigadoon's~Brigadoon de
pallidness~pâleur
seamounts~monts sous-marins
motor~moteur
alabaster's~Albâtre de
degenerated~degenerated
greenhorns~greenhorns
besiegers~assiégeants
Blu~Blu
geodes~geodes
carp's~carpe de
trencherman's~de trencherman
mournfulness's~tristesses de
doctrinaire~doctrinaire
soling~ressemelage
CVS~CVS
rebuke~réprimander
superstates~super-
trendy~branché
epithet~epithet
tightwad~radin
side~côté
wrapper~papier d'emballage
Sheri's~Sheri de
revising~la révision
contends~contends
Guantanamo~Guantanamo
skinny's~maigre de
eider~eider
grows~grows
teleconferencing's~de téléconférence
verdicts~verdicts
mohair's~mohair de
boiler's~chaudière de
snarly~snarly
Conestoga's~Conestoga de
successfully~avec succès
McLaughlin~McLaughlin
Nashville's~Nashville de
kohlrabi's~kohlrabi de
Slovenian's~slovène de
whines~couine
easterner~easterner
intertwined~entrelacée
Muse~Muse
pantry~office
FDIC's~FDIC de
tubules~tubules
Pansy~Pensée
manufacturing~fabrication
misnomer's~abus de langage de
consanguinity's~de consanguinité
tenfold~décuple
detoxifying~detoxifying
middens~tertres
Britannia~Britannia
tine~dent
marker~marqueur
gestured~gestured
sheds~remises
acutely~aiguë
prickled~piquait
destination's~destination's
Romeo~Romeo
whimper~gémissement
microelectronics~micro-électronique
gins~gins
instate~en état
lyrebirds~lyres
range~gamme
accreditation's~L'accréditation de
cones~cônes
neurotically~névrotique
strapless's~de bretelles
Mussorgsky~Moussorgski
ruler's~règle de
balky~têtu
moths~papillons de nuit
corn~corn
carpetbag~sac de tapis
obviation~obviation
jihad~jihad
formalising~formalising
voyager~voyageur
stellar~stellaire
Karyn~Karyn
Alfred's~d'Alfred
autobiography~autobiographie
lookup~Chercher
Ticonderoga's~Ticonderoga de
grumpiness~grumpiness
tangibles~biens meubles corporels
pallbearer~pallbearer
numeration's~numeration de
educative~educative
provocation's~de provocation
reminiscence~réminiscence
philanderer~coureur de jupons
genealogy's~genealogy's
Tyndale~Tyndale
Fri~Ven
becalm~sois calme
gameness's~gameness's
deadpan's~deadpan's
Piraeus~Le Pirée
subordinate's~de subordonnés
patronages~patronages
keratin~kératine
subversively~subversivement
Gilead's~Gilead de
camisoles~camisoles
easterner's~easterner's
embanks~embanks
colossally~colossalement
hike~une randonnée
Westinghouse~Westinghouse
backwoods's~Années Backwoods
windsurf~de la planche a voile
Norse~norrois
groundskeeper~groundskeeper
feeding~feeding
picketed~piquet de grève
Baathist's~baasiste de
Kenya's~Kenya
dregs's~dregs's
eggshell~eggshell
eminences~eminences
Windsors~Windsors
excitably~excitably
rowing's~aviron
foils~foils
lowness~modicité
legacies~legs
Thoreau's~Thoreau de
fairer~fairer
wiped~essuyé
recommendable~à recommander
voyeurs~voyeurs
nasalises~nasalises
supposition~supposition
postponed~reporté
Tarkington's~Tarkington de
pewit's~vanneau de
disputation~disputation
quislings~Quisling
latticework~treillage
meatier~charnu
exportation~exportation
accordion~accordéon
irrevocable~irrévocable
newton~newton
Li~Li
elasticising~elasticising
catnap~faire un petit somme
bestrode~enfourcha
Kitakyushu's~Kitakyushu de
chocolates~des chocolats
gel's~gel's
strings~instruments à cordes
barbaric~barbare
oddballs~hurluberlus
jolter~Jolter
toupee's~de moumoute
epileptic's~epileptic's
novenas~neuvaines
deliverance's~deliverance's
Zn's~Zn de
mosques~mosquées
turner~tourneur
poohs~Poohs
prawned~prawned
segment's~secteur de
megalopolis's~Années Megalopolis
usability~facilité d'utilisation
bellied~ventre
foretasting~foretasting
spectroscope's~Années spectroscope
diseased~diseased
kindhearted~kindhearted
apprehension's~l'appréhension de
AWOL~AWOL
chortlers~chortlers
thunderbolts~foudres
girlishness's~girlishness's
Zachery~Zachery
wittingly~sciemment
penologists~pénologues
sperm's~de sperme
cottonmouth's~cottonmouth's
corniness~corniness
moroseness's~morosité de
inquisitively~inquisiteur
acquiring~acquérir
riots~émeutes
firelighter~firelighter
heliotropes~héliotropes
stipulating~stipulation
adipose~adipeux
spoonfuls~cuillérées
waives~renonce
Mauritian's~mauricien de
Bulgaria's~BULGARIE
cannons~canons
fanatic~fanatic
prophecies~prophéties
slideshow~diaporama
Confucian~confucéenne
podcast~Podcast
menders~cantonniers
fingermark~fingermark
mayor~maire
powwow's~pow-wow de
dependency~dependency
leakiness's~de leakiness
specious~spécieux
stabling~stabulation
braveness's~de braveness
flame's~flame's
DST~DST
chicle~chicle
intravenously~par voie intraveineuse
furthermore~furthermore
dumbbell's~dumbbell's
tendency~tendance
Remus~Remus
inefficacy~inefficacité
penalty~peine
C~C
legislatures~législatures
frost's~frost's
onion~oignon
tabulation's~tableau de
Babylonia~Babylonia
brusqueness~brusquerie
conduct~conduite
mice~souris
bloodstreams~bloodstreams
burdock's~bardane de
Hungarian~hongrois
epidemiology~epidemiology
MP's~députés
putt~putt
haughtiness's~de altaneria
needn't~n'a pas besoin
conga~conga
Midwest~Midwest
Pliocene's~Pliocène de
rustic's~rustique de
reprocess~retraiter
sensors~capteurs
cashbook~livre de caisse
privet~troène
autobiographer's~de autobiographe
transformed~transformé
yolk's~Années jaune
Mather's~Mather de
ridership's~du nombre d'usagers
dowdily~dowdily
hostility~hostilité
pekes~Pekes
did~did
moss~mousse
belief's~croyances
diatribe's~diatribe's
polymeric~polymère
heavy's~de lourds
packaging~emballage
epoxy~epoxy
hart~cerf
Woodhull~Woodhull
clanged~résonnaient
disgraced~disgraced
restitched~recousu
procrastinating~temporisant
dixieland~dixieland
belted~ceinturé
astronaut~astronaute
Sagittariuses~Sagittariuses
joviality~jovialité
giggles~giggles
degrading~degrading
phalangers~phalangers
indict~accuser
ion's~ion de
contributed~contributed
Vermont's~le Vermont
coeducation's~de coéducation
feint~feint
denature~denature
acreage~superficie
alchemy's~l'alchimie de
huffiness~huffiness
riffles~riffles
reverb~réverbération
canvassing~démarchage
clubbing~aller en boîte
frostiness's~frostiness's
unpopularity~impopularité
halftone~halftone
condescend~condescendre
uncomplaining~uncomplaining
yeggs~Yeggs
disfavour's~disfavour's
Zhengzhou's~Zhengzhou de
prowling~rôder
peerage~pairie
disposed~disposed
refaced~rectifiés
impersonation~imitation
fol~fol
adenine's~de l'adénine
soberer~plus sobre
enshrouded~enshrouded
freer~freer
ugliest~le plus laid
jabot's~de jabot
RFD~RFD
Bolton~Boulonner
accelerator's~accélérateur de
Scotch's~Scotch de
equine's~equine's
Dhaulagiri's~Dhaulagiri de
wrappings~enveloppements
starfruit~carambole
springs~ressorts
squall's~bourrasques de
tourmaline~tourmaline
Laundromat~Laverie
submersible's~du submersible
ghostwriter~ghostwriter
lollipops~sucettes
solidness's~de solidness
peeving~peeving
fixtures~fixtures
flair's~flair's
rutted~rutted
pellet's~des pellets de
incorporates~intègre
Ghibelline~Gibelins
predicating~prédiquer
resisters~résistants à
shopaholic's~shopaholic de
turbocharger~turbocompresseur
France's~la France
multiplicity~multiplicité
rawhide~cuir brut
accentuate~accentuer
Kornberg~Kornberg
dubiousness~dubiousness
unseen~invisible
Armenians~Arméniens
Howe's~Howe
thanksgivings~thanksgivings
overfilled~trop rempli
Nova~Nova
impetuousness~impétuosité
congaing~congaing
variables~les variables
immunodeficiency~immunodéficience
grasp~grasp
cochineal~cochenille
Gwen's~Gwen
Jekyll~Jekyll
straining~tendre
fetishistic~fetishistic
highchairs~Chaises hautes
stetting~stetting
sweeter~doux
lapins~lapins
Blondie's~Blondinette
rightward~droite
Poussin's~Poussin
disrobes~disrobes
besmirching~entachant
airletters~airletters
horses~les chevaux
potency~puissance
whippoorwills~engoulevents
Peabody's~Peabody
fraternisation's~fraternisation's
recanting~abjuration
dalmatians~dalmatians
shreds~lambeaux
Benito~Benito
uninspired~qui manque d'inspiration
chimes~carillons
crampon~crampon
insipidly~platement
magnum~magnum
jounce~cahot
gladiola~gladiola
nonexistence~inexistence
salutatorians~salutatorians
sprites~sprites
apprehension~appréhension
johnnycake's~johnnycake de
Mildred's~Mildred de
contraception~contraception
fessing~fessing
nozzle~ajutage
pascal's~pascals de
raucousness's~de raucité
steamrolled~écrasé
pastern's~Années pastern
final~final
boardinghouse~pension de famille
suppuration~suppuration
carter's~charretier de
cripples~cripples
Icelander's~icelander de
kicking~coups de pied
papist's~de papiste
boxlike~en forme de boîte
shrift~confession
Copernican~copernicienne
porno's~porno de
paternoster~paternoster
Norton's~Norton
inmate~détenu
absolutist's~de absolutistes
poignant~poignant
Communist's~communiste de
adios~Adios
windmill's~Moulins à vent
descriptions~descriptions
Anguilla's~Anguilla de
chancels~chancels
paintball~paintball
cornstalk~cornstalk
Clare's~Clare
troopship's~de troopship
creditworthy~creditworthy
modality~modalité
pennon~flamme
Basque's~Basque de
Billie~Billie
guardhouse~guardhouse
biopsying~la biopsie
idiotic~idiot
Ginny~Ginny
poisonously~poisonously
Bolshevik's~bolchevique de
lavender~lavande
graveside~graveside
toggled~basculée
assents~assentiments
unmourned~deuil ne
long~longue
triumvirate~triumvirat
Nepal~Népal
discredit's~discredit's
Blvd~Blvd
bluefish~bluefish
brink~bord
sourdough's~Années sourdough
liquidity~liquidité
confessionals~confessionnaux
gamines~gamines
Abigail~Abigail
tablecloth~nappe de table
beatified~béatifié
lase~lase
insubordination~insubordination
Barbuda's~Barbuda de
ladybird~coccinelle
fraternise~fraternise
fumigant~fumigant
ending's~ending's
riverboats~riverboats
toxin~toxine
Jenny~Jenny
Caucasian~caucasien
frostily~frostily
haggis's~haggis's
plexus~plexus
pickups~pick-up
haughtiest~hautain
Keynesian's~de keynésiennes
bailiffs~huissiers de justice
Schindler's~Schindler
ratification~ratification
microbiologists~microbiologistes
headquarter~siège social
agreeing~accord
Paula's~Paula
jointed~jointé
gawkier~gawkier
Manley~Manley
Manama~Manama
inkwells~encriers
merits~mérite
mulligans~mulligans
backwoodsmen~coureurs de bois
idylls~idylles
stenographers~sténographes
Xiaoping's~Xiaoping de
adage's~adage de
calcimined~calcimined
Yuri~Yuri
artery~artère
masturbating~masturber
redundant~redondant
Alejandra's~Alejandra de
enfeebling~enfeebling
meditated~médité
Kazakh~kazakh
Mauro~Mauro
Javier's~Javier de
semiannually~semestriellement
shebangs~Elle frappe
exemption's~exemption's
demystification~demystification
systematisation's~de systématisation
choreography's~chorégraphie de
Chernomyrdin's~Tchernomyrdine de
septets~septets
pleura's~plèvre de
investigate~enquêter
facades~facades
decorated~decorated
smother's~étouffez de
piracy~le piratage
apoplexy's~apoplexie de
hath~hath
misbehaving~mauvaise conduite
Orion~Orion
clips~clips
sinecure's~de sinécures
wand~baguette magique
smart's~sMART
existed~existed
mode~mode
elocutionists~elocutionists
bran's~son de
decrements~decrements
headwaiter~Maître d'hôtel
skins~peaux
bijou's~de bijou
McGovern's~McGovern de
Narcissus~Narcisse
Pennington's~Pennington de
liturgist's~liturgiste de
tbs~tbs
Galbraith~Galbraith
collared~colleté
dives~dives
cronyism~cronyism
biog~biog
Heidelberg's~Heidelberg de
participatory~participatif
botching~bousiller
mailmen~postiers
enabling~enabling
noncustodial~non gardien
mackinaw's~Mackinaw de
plucked~pincées
deerstalker~deerstalker
hammer's~hammer's
slay~tuer
Rhonda~Rhonda
brickwork~briquetage
recommencement~recommencement
conceded~concédé
invaliding~invaliding
Pinatubo~Pinatubo
tragedy~la tragédie
automating~Automatiser
nope~Nan
launderette~laverie automatique
geocached~geocached
gearing~gearing
swellheaded~swellheaded
America's~l'Amérique
songsters~songsters
rickrack's~de croquet
obfuscated~obscurcie
ridiculing~ridiculiser
rock's~des roches
arithmetician~arithméticien
rhomboid's~rhomboïde de
secretion's~la sécrétion de
Oberlin~Oberlin
blear~chassieux
haughty~hautain
disclaim~disclaim
newcomers~nouveaux arrivants
nappies~couches-culottes
gimmickry's~gimmickry's
emissions~emissions
hamper's~hamper's
ambuscade~embuscade
poking~piquer
helpmates~partenaires de la coalition
Krishna~Krishna
Sepoy~Cipayes
Justin's~Justin
ability~capacité
professionalising~professionnalisant
narrow's~de étroites
ichthyology's~ichtyologie de
Paraguay's~Paraguay de
Hendrick's~Hendrick de
liposuction~liposuccion
ventriloquy~ventriloquie
frequenter's~frequenter's
washboard's~washboard de
grading~grading
sinkhole~doline
tidied~tondu
booted~démarré
Danny's~Danny
Alexei~Alexei
muss~désordre
liquidate~liquider
hamstring~hamstring
patrimonial~patrimonial
grin's~grin's
conjuncture~conjoncture
pussiest~pussiest
visualiser~visualiseur
inaudibility~inaudibilité
Boru's~Boru de
Saudi~saoudien
gentlefolks's~gentlefolks's
vows~vœux
Maghreb~le Maghreb
consubstantiation~consubstantiation
autoimmune~auto-immune
stupidest~plus stupide
pinking~cliquettement
ferociously~ferociously
equestrienne~equestrienne
nervelessness's~de nervelessness
incumbencies~charges particulières
predominance~prédominance
pinion's~pignon de
quintets~quintettes
Anguilla~Anguilla
stripteaser's~stripteaser de
rubbernecker~rubbernecker
moving~en mouvement
San's~san
flameproof~flameproof
hilliest~accidentée
numeric~numérique
clotheshorses~clotheshorses
Messiah's~Messie
Bangor~Bangor
prefect's~préfet de
sprinklers~arroseurs
mopish~triste
driblets~driblets
Latrobe's~Latrobe de
betokening~présageant
envelops~envelops
Kodiak~Kodiak
newsman's~de journaliste
inveigler~captateur
slingshot's~lance-pierre de
Cheshire~Cheshire
periodicals~périodiques
elicits~elicits
curium~curium
whelp~petit
Jesus's~Jésus de
itemisation~fournir le détail
immanency's~immanence de
bringers~bringers
unrated~unrated
stupefying~stupéfiant
Rangoon's~Rangoon de
soprano~soprano
indigence~indigence
dog's~dog's
circumference's~circonférence de
Borgia's~Borgia
sidekick's~acolyte de
statement~déclaration
objectifies~transformait en objet
bigamist~bigame
outlier~valeurs aberrantes
intercession's~intercession
Arius's~Arius de
humidors~humidificateurs
scourge's~fléau de
tangibly~tangiblement
Hokkaido's~Hokkaido de
haste's~hâte de
Kemerovo~Kemerovo
inglorious~peu glorieux
wienie~wienie
declining~declining
cockades~cocardes
Tuscaroras~Tuscarorens
twitchy~nerveux
sparrowhawk~épervier
rapprochement's~rapprochement de
dissimilitude's~dissimilitude's
paradise~paradis
traitorously~traîtreusement
electrifier~electrifier
speller's~de Speller
brogan~Brogan
boohooing~boohooing
maligns~calomnie
skittering~skittering
Reinhardt's~Reinhardt
armadillo~tatou
grumbler's~grumbler's
venireman's~venireman de
midriff~diaphragme
marchers~marcheurs
estuary's~estuary's
unhurt~indemne
returnable's~de retournables
Abernathy~Abernathy
malady's~maladie de
unsigned~non signé
respondents~répondants
Whitney's~Whitney
meticulousness's~de méticulosité
transparencies~transparents
befuddlement's~befuddlement de
brotherliness's~de confraternité
warder's~Années Warder
likeness's~image de
volleyball's~volleyball
launches~lancements
Meadows~Meadows
vanquisher~vainqueur
exoskeleton~exoskeleton
legitimised~légitimé
fated~fated
Hesiod's~Hésiode
roar~rugir
oiks~oiks
unclasping~unclasping
Cortland's~Cortland de
squeamish~délicat
accusation~accusation
probationers~probationnaires
hearten~encourager
equivocator~equivocator
acquaintanceship's~de interconnaissance
stoat's~hermine de
harmonium's~harmonium de
Taegu~Taegu
reply's~réponse de
floodwater~floodwater
journeyer's~Journeyer de
adopter's~adopteur de
fails~fails
fencing's~fencing's
diaper's~diaper's
upturning~bousculant
Colette's~Colette
repurchases~rachats
abyss's~abîme de
Christmastime's~Noël de
unpainted~unpainted
zingy~zingy
steel~acier
sandlotter~sandlotter
sink's~évier de
respecter~acception
wiggler~wiggler
buttonholing~boutonnières
mocha's~mocha de
Hamlet~Hamlet
estimate's~estimate's
astronomy's~de l'astronomie
Caterpillar's~Les chenilles
aw~aw
Heinlein's~Heinlein de
dignities~dignities
Klimt~Klimt
wrangle's~bras de fer de
redistribution~redistribution
contemplatives~contemplatives
scrutinise~scruter
roundups~rafles
coconut~noix de coco
halftimes~halftimes
Cambodian's~cambodgienne de
Syriac~syriaque
scratchiness's~enrouement de
polymaths~polymathes
brimmed~à larges bords
gyve~gyve
redeveloped~réaménagée
lucking~Lucking
arithmetician's~Années arithméticien
sub's~sous de
Strickland's~Strickland de
Rebekah's~Rebekah de
divination~divination
crawler's~crawler's
extremer~extremer
scarcities~disettes
recolouring~recoloration
confusions~confusions
rajahs~rajahs
Madagascar's~Madagascar de
bani~bani
plasticise~plastifier
doughnut's~doughnut's
Wis~Sg
Olympiad~olympiade
catchphrase's~slogans
boffins~boffins
backseats~banquette arrière
Wilma~Wilma
earlier~earlier
microbiologist's~microbiologiste de
potboilers~potboilers
pancaked~aplati
fallibleness~fallibleness
enhancers~enhancers
bullying~harcèlement
fieldsman~fieldsman
medical's~mÉDICALE
exonerate~exonerate
swap~échanger
perfection's~de la perfection
Albert~Albert
fruition's~fruition's
honourees~honorées
Anglicize~angliciser
udders~mamelles
roomful~salle pleine
mulberries~mûriers
Northrop~Northrop
predetermining~prédéterminer
Dodgson~Dodgson
Nanjing~Nanjing
casements~casemates
Finch~Bouvreuil
frivolity's~frivolity's
demagnetising~demagnetising
kneeling~a genou
SOB~SANGLOT
Langerhans's~Années Langerhans
bathysphere~bathysphere
indefiniteness~indétermination
kiln~four
disuses~disuses
reemerge~réémerger
steadied~stabilisa
assumed~assumé
poisons~poisons
frolickers~frolickers
disinherited~disinherited
affable~affable
keelhaul~Keelhaul
cockscomb's~Années Cockscomb
repast's~Années RePast
Taoism's~taoïsme de
simians~simiens
euthenics~euthenics
micro's~micro de
hisses~sifflements
stretchable~étirable
imploring~implorant
HIV~HIV
Florsheim~Florsheim
Dustin~Dustin
Delhi's~Delhi de
island's~îles
bungalow's~bungalow de
Bishkek~Bichkek
foxhunt~foxhunt
diabetic~diabetic
premeditation~préméditation
pulchritude's~de pulchritude
officiant~célébrant
harasses~harasses
tracers~traceurs
fanfare~fanfare
touchable~touchable
trouncer~Trouncer
sybarite~sybarite
cottonmouth~cottonmouth
resilience~résistance
Singaporean's~de Singapour
Samara's~Samara de
peeler~éplucheur
pothook's~pothook de
Branden~Branden
Gamow's~Gamow de
Allstate~Allstate
Bowery~Bowery
reestablished~rétabli
misanthropist~misanthrope
thulium's~thulium de
Bermuda's~Bermudes de
figuring~figuring
retracing~retraçage
barrio~barrio
bolero~boléro
artlessly~artlessly
belch's~éructer de
draconian~draconian
pilferer~chapardeur
Hitachi's~Hitachi de
cloyingly~cloyingly
moneyed~riche
backup~sauvegarde
orangutan's~orangs-outans de
disenfranchisement~disenfranchisement
Myers's~Myers de
collapses~effondrements
townhouse~maison de ville
filmmaker's~filmmaker's
hosiery's~de chaussants
chignon's~Années chignon
jacaranda~jacaranda
Meagan's~Meagan de
Falwell's~Falwell de
Maseru~Maseru
scruff~scruff
entryphones~entryphones
stockroom~magasin
liquidising~MIXER
tads~tads
Sharon's~Sharon
satanist~sataniste
intern's~stagiaire de
sextet's~sextet de
nil~néant
underwhelming~underwhelming
dragon~dragon
reappearance~réapparition
jurist~juriste
agronomist~agronome
impulse~impulsion
hullabaloo~raffut
boded~auguré
doberman's~doberman's
Ethiopia~Ethiopie
gesturing~gesturing
scurry~se précipiter
curie's~curie's
landlines~les lignes fixes
Minoan~minoen
deviousness's~deviousness's
Swahilis~swahilis
costumers~costumers
contrasted~contrasted
locality~localité
tintype's~de ferrotype
stifles~grasset
repertory~répertoire
Tangshan's~Tangshan de
Menzies's~Menzies de
Indus~Indus
bowstring~corde
ingress's~la pénétration de
bouillabaisse~Bouillabaisse
bullfights~corridas
wisecracking~blagueur
busybody~mouche du coche
poultice's~de cataplasme
mortgagor's~débiteur hypothécaire de
cankering~chancres
disestablishes~disestablishes
nondelivery~la non-livraison
housebreaker's~de housebreaker
unforgettable~inoubliable
Obama~Obama
insider~initié
hush's~de hush
crocodile's~crocodile's
Mary's~Mary
bodega~bodega
Tongan~tongien
cinematography's~Années cinématographie
liaises~Assurer la liaison
fumbled~fumbled
Pepys~Pepys
sunbelts~sunbelts
Tannhauser's~Tannhauser de
barbecued~au barbecue
hammertoe~hammertoe
brackets~supports
muse~muse
salve~baume
bear~ours
spotlessness's~de spotlessness
decelerator~decelerator
Twizzlers's~Années TWIZZLERS
progesterone's~de la progestérone
sereneness's~de sereneness
discombobulation~discombobulation
posturing~gesticulations
aeronautics~aéronautiques
collide~entrer en collision
stropped~stropped
diathermy~diathermy
fiscals~fiscals
guarantee~guarantee
Cyclades~Cyclades
depilatory's~depilatory's
unluckiest~malchanceuse
gyrator~gyrator
ultra's~ultra
occasional~occasionnel
patellas~patellas
writhed~tordait
Robbins's~Robbins de
cheerer's~de cheerer
NZ~Nouvelle-Zélande
crimping~crimping
barkeep's~barkeep de
aloofly~aloofly
collectivise~collectiviser
Kasparov~Kasparov
dieted~dieted
uptown~des quartiers chics
relined~regarni
Sandoval~Sandoval
McNaughton's~McNaughton de
thermodynamic~thermodynamique
digicam~digicam
decapitated~decapitated
Be~Être
dated~dated
egoists~egoists
combiner~combineur
sewer~égout
offed~offed
ecstatic~ecstatic
Averroes~Averroes
inflatable's~de gonflables
Brokaw's~Brokaw de
locker's~Casiers
banzai's~Banzai de
snapper~vivaneau
O'Neil~O'Neil
cryptographers~cryptographers
newness's~nouveauté de
consignee's~destinataire de
sufferance's~de tolérance
reforests~reboise
foxed~foxed
Darin's~Darin de
hackish~hackish
Mayas~Mayas
congruence~congruence
hotplate's~assiettes chaudes
conceptually~conceptuellement
smirked~ricana
solenoid's~solénoïdes de
emasculation's~emasculation's
Bushido's~Bushido de
insupportable~insupportable
Solis~Solis
sportswriters~sportswriters
Daumier's~Daumier de
spinet's~Années spinet
gangrenous~gangrenous
mortarboards~mortarboards
blanket's~couverture de
conclusively~concluante
pageant's~reconstitution historique de
rancid~rance
batman~homme chauve-souris
tailcoat~frac
northwest~Nord Ouest
admissibly~serait recevable
protest~protestation
synths~synthés
electrocardiography's~electrocardiography's
universal's~universel de
surtitles~surtitres
Mikoyan~Mikoyan
novitiates~noviciats
repatriation's~le rapatriement de
photographically~photographiquement
intramuscular~intramusculaire
measure~mesure
fraud's~fraud's
deterrent's~deterrent's
knowledgeable~bien informé
cluttering~encombrent
attendant's~du préposé
reburies~reburies
knockoff~knockoff
washrooms~toilettes
plenitude~plénitude
ethnology's~ethnology's
trapeze~trapèze
payer's~payeur de
unswayed~unswayed
fishily~fishily
Esmeralda~Esmeralda
adulterant's~de qu'adultérant
Chablis's~Années Chablis
jinxing~Hanny
Csonka~Csonka
Jeroboam~Jéroboam
Yataro's~Yataro de
loophole's~échappatoire de
algae~algues
BSDs~BSDs
vastly~énormément
demob~demob
comparatively~relativement
bookstores~librairies
Bernice's~Bernice de
replant~replanter
Trujillo's~Trujillo de
disrobed~disrobed
Silesia~Silésie
Pegasuses~Pegasuses
mislabel~qualifier erronément
exemplifying~exemplifying
rebooting~redémarrer l'ordinateur
seduced~séduit
altar's~autel de
postcode~code postal
wetter's~de plus humides
Edwina's~Edwina de
wrings~extorque
mutagen~mutagène
Archie's~Archie
swashbuckling's~cape et d'épée de
Android's~Android du
Annabelle~Annabelle
dressings~dressings
absentmindedness~distraction
mescalin~mescaline
palavered~palavered
overtones~harmoniques
avatars~avatars
Lori~Lori
agony~agonie
contrast~contrast
bedspread~couvre-lit
penises~chibres
chirruping~pépiement
cost's~cost's
wildcard~caractère générique
blackthorn~prunellier
soil~sol
anther's~anthères de
neglect's~la négligence de
meteoroid's~de météoroïdes
transplant's~greffes
Alisha's~Alisha de
segue's~Segue de
Shetlands's~Années Shetlands
crawl's~crawl's
milometer~compteur kilométrique
nonspecific~non spécifique
conically~en forme de cône
gammas~gammas
academies~académies
profiterole~profiterole
mammon's~de Mammon
jumpier~jumpier
tarball~tarball
reworks~Reworks
iotas~iotas
dramatics~dramatics
answerable~responsable
dressage's~dressage's
handbarrow~handbarrow
telltale's~telltale de
Nepalese's~népalais de
deflect~deflect
Mauritius's~Maurice de
determiners~determiners
equities~equities
budded~bourgeonné
Whigs~Whigs
imaginal~imaginal
passports~passeports
merchandising's~merchandising de
inoculations~inoculations
blag~BLAG
Claude~Claude
Christoper's~Christoper de
headstone~pierre tombale
capitalistically~capitalistiquement
gainful~gainful
mace~masse
pundits~pandits
Ebert's~Ebert de
indemnification's~indemnisation de
tumorous~tumorous
Thespian~comédien
mulligan's~Mulligan
loggias~loggias
dding~dding
addict's~addict de
insular~insulaire
moonstones~pierre de lune
styluses~stylets
creep~creep
patois~patois
Hussein~Hussein
engulfs~engulfs
paedophilia~la pédophilie
homing~homing
nauseates~écœure
imperialist's~impérialiste de
Surya~Surya
remastering~remasterisation
yours~le tiens
bustle~tournure
gentrifying~gentrifying
palmiest~palmiest
jobholders~jobholders
Szymborska's~Szymborska de
deplaning~deplaning
hundredweight~quintal
Hellenic's~hellénique de
confrontation~affrontement
Jamel~Jamel
insufferably~insupportablement
gyroscopic~gyroscopic
madder's~de garance
guidepost's~guidepost's
Shintos~Shintos
viewpoints~points de vue
voodoos~vaudous
greens~greens
audiology~audiologie
telemetries~télémesures
O'Toole's~O'Toole de
fluctuate~fluctuate
pageants~reconstitutions historiques
worldlier~worldlier
blasphemy~blasphème
butternut's~musquée de
hype's~battage médiatique de
guava~guava
swineherds~porchers
Hanuka~Hanuka
bourgeois~bourgeois
outspends~investit davantage
Aeneid's~Enéide de
agriculture's~de l'agriculture
overripe~trop mûr
barging~transport par barge
residue~résidu
inappropriate~inapproprié
adroitness~habileté
xxxix~xXXIX
clarifications~clarifications
deputising~deputising
producible~productible
vista~vue
gymnasiums~gymnasiums
skincare~soin de la peau
waverer~indécis
phisher~hameçonneur
nib's~nib de
duds~duds
hoodie's~hoodie
adulteration~falsification
Robin~rouge-gorge
crusher~crusher
committal's~le renvoi de
cloakrooms~vestiaires
unconvincingly~peu convaincante
Cabrini's~Cabrini de
pinfeather~pinfeather
misfeatures~mauvaises fonctionnalités
exhibitionist's~exhibitionist's
entrust~entrust
precising~en précisant
transpires~transpire
paraprofessionals~paraprofessionnels
synchronicity~synchronicité
Mithra's~Mithra de
obfuscates~obscurcit
fobbing~fobbing
caldera~caldera
hiccup~hoquet
sensitively~sensibilité
bullshits~conneries
moocher's~tapeur de
agonies~agonies
complainer~râleuse
Lena~Lena
orangutan~orangs-outans
commissioners~commissaires
gyrations~gyrations
beatifically~béatement
sucrose~saccharose
pepperoni~pepperoni
comporting~comporting
convalesce~convalesce
confined~confiné
Wankel~Wankel
sniffle's~reniflement de
autocracy's~autocratie de
underwhelm~underwhelm
satiety~satiété
chariot's~chariot de
dissimilarities~dissimilarities
Maurois~Maurois
intermezzo's~Intermezzo de
secularisation's~de laïcisation
control~control
interstate~entre États
beleaguers~beleaguers
idyllic~idyllique
Tampax~Tampax
casuist's~casuiste de
mortifies~mortifie
doting~doting
catheterise~cathétériser
Cynthia's~Cynthia
Noumea~Nouméa
sheet~drap
elfish~elfish
ornament's~ornement de
reflector~réflecteur
choppier~choppier
indexations~indexations
Delta~Delta
threnodies~mélopées
enviable~enviable
nurtures~nourrit
slasher's~slasher de
tombed~tombed
aborts~avorte
stylists~stylistes
spoilers~spoilers
Kingstown's~Kingstown de
comparable~comparable
crustal~crustal
herbs~herbes
McCain's~McCain
episode~episode
threat's~des menaces
venturousness~venturousness
Dryden's~Dryden de
blacks~noirs
Delgado~Delgado
intersection~intersection
inconclusiveness~indécidabilité
acquirable~ficier
daubed~daubed
Cypriot~chypriote
Zelig's~Zelig de
Sofia's~Sofia de
veriest~veriest
Sara's~Sara
zoning's~le zonage de
dentist~dentist
Francesca's~Francesca
butternut~butternut
residual's~résiduelles de
gybes~gybes
chilliness~fraîcheur
voles~campagnols
Thu~Jeu
Vaughan's~Vaughan
Efren~Efren
fretfulness~fretfulness
Sinhalese~Cinghalais
phonologists~phonologues
interlaced~entrelacée
semester~semestre
squeaks~couinements
bolivares~bolivars
Sahara's~Sahara de
ways~façons
overbalanced~contrebalancés
quince~coing
Ward's~Ward
Conrad~Conrad
invariant~invariante
patisserie~Patisserie
turn~tour
contravention's~contravention's
Twain's~Twain
liver's~foie de
Geneva~Genève
catastrophic~catastrophique
Sayers~Sayers
Grampians~Grampians
lighted~éclairé
frees~frees
share's~actions
wilderness~région sauvage
Chatterton's~Chatterton de
inerrant~inerrante
actuators~actionneurs
evasively~evasively
Ozzie's~Ozzie de
perfumed~parfumé
aerodromes~aérodromes
Turner~Tourneur
walkies~walkies
gamble's~gamble's
furrow's~furrow's
hussies~ribaudes
pinyin~pinyin
bind~lier
chokers~Sautoirs
sonorous~sonore
lamest~lamest
icecaps~calottes glaciaires
burglarises~burglarises
scrounger~profiteur
advice~Conseil
incriminate~incriminer
pieing~entartage
Bonhoeffer~Bonhoeffer
continuously~continuously
spill's~de déversement
pol~pol
garnishments~garnishments
bone~OS
term~terme
printouts~impressions
emerges~emerges
emulsions~emulsions
shape's~formes
adventurers~aventuriers
waterlily's~waterlily de
dynamiter~dynamiter
fanny's~fanny's
leeward~côté sous le vent
northerner~habitant du nord
minivan's~mini-fourgonnette de
polytheist~polythéiste
scheme~schème
hayseed~péquenaud
redness's~rougeur de
upholster~tapisser
dredge's~dredge's
loin~longe
scarfs~scarfs
customer's~customer's
tailpipes~tuyaux d'échappement
Sloane~Sloane
towline's~de treuillage
harebrained~harebrained
analogue's~analogique de
knottier~knottier
messes~mess
McClain's~McClain de
Ca's~Ca de
Willie~Willie
mud's~de boue
Rosalyn~Rosalyn
concerto's~concerto années
per~par
Simpson's~Simpson
allergist's~de allergologue
opposition's~de l'opposition
arenas~arènes
Kowloon~Kowloon
Berber's~berbère de
monkeying~monkeying
forenamed~forenamed
Baghdad~Bagdad
marching~Marching
Kevorkian~Kevorkian
politeness's~de politesse
motorisation~motorisation
palindromic~palindrome
flooring's~flooring's
tricking~incitant
cwt~cwt
gingerly~gingerly
mishmash~méli-mélo
nabob~nabab
unmolested~sans encombre
limiting~limitant
orgasms~orgasmes
Bernadine~Bernadine
aspiration~aspiration
snappiest~plus vive de
defendant's~defendant's
rejuvenate~rajeunir
mitten's~Mitaines
invent~inventer
tyranny's~tyrannie de
Alba~Alba
wrangler~cow-boy
flycatcher~flycatcher
postgraduate's~troisième cycle de
misdoes~misdoes
pistes~pistes
crackpots~crackpots
exigence's~exigence's
postseason's~de post-saison
shimmies~shimmies
hide's~cacher son
ribaldry~paillardises
tributary's~affluent de
instrumentation~instrumentation
Munich~Munich
Aryans~Aryens
Brandeis~Brandeis
renouncement~renoncement
purse's~de bourse
masochistically~masochiste
gorgeousness~gorgeousness
druthers~druthers
treatises~traités
shiver's~frisson
painfulness~pénibilité
Nile's~nil de
obs~obs
youthfully~youthfully
chief~chef
orthogonality~orthogonalité
fauns~fauns
stills~alambics
aqualung~scaphandre autonome
F~F
lutenists~luthistes
circumspection~prudence
Butterfingers~Maladroit
Plasticine~Pâte à modeler
songwriters~auteurs-compositeurs
haddocks~haddocks
cloche~cloche
sarong~sarong
esophagus's~esophagus's
PR~PR
screech's~Années Screech
despoiler~despoiler
blogger's~Le blogueur de
punctuate~ponctuer
deaconess's~deaconess's
points~points
Stradivarius's~stradivarius de
Iberian~ibérique
amnestying~amnistié
Copernicus's~Copernic de
pailful~pailful
snowblowers~souffleuses
sham~faux
Markov's~Markov de
sagebrush~armoise
zoo~zoo
Prof~Prof
Hagiographa's~hagiographes de
jitneys~jitneys
fussiness~fussiness
buckets~seaux
scrapbook's~album de
semaphore's~sémaphores de
halfheartedness~halfheartedness
adjudicating~adjudicatrice
vapidity's~insipidité de
Hermaphroditus~Hermaphrodite
Spanish's~espagnol de
morose~morose
print's~impression de
godlike~godlike
perplexed~perplexe
Terrance~Terrance
anybodies~anybodies
Magnitogorsk's~Magnitogorsk de
Latasha~Latasha
twofer~twofer
snowflake~flocon de neige
protozoic~protozoaire
footholds~footholds
pickings~restes
vitriol~vitriol
Olympics~Jeux olympiques
retention~rétention
aortas~aortes
woodcarver's~de woodcarver
carper~Carper
Tagalogs~Tagalogs
Hull~coque
avionics's~avionique de
folklore's~folklore's
indisposition's~indisposition de
Tchaikovsky's~Tchaïkovski
whackings~whackings
indivisibility's~indivisibilité de
Palmolive~Palmolive
Moloch~Moloch
artsy~artsy
solicitude~sollicitude
Alexandrian~alexandrin
streetlamp~lampadaire
happenings~happenings
hammocks~hammocks
Achebe~Achebe
nominates~proposent de nommer
bipartite~bipartite
eel~eel
Australoid~australoïde
outpatient~consultations externes
contemptuousness~contemptuousness
unmasking~démasquage
Blackburn's~Blackburn de
lustily~lustily
Auckland's~Auckland de
clavicle~clavicule
taxation's~la fiscalité
syphilitics~syphilitiques
duteous~duteous
popup~apparaitre
dormer~dormer
Franz~Franz
stuntman~cascadeur
rhythms~rythmes
ahchoo~ahchoo
ditz~ditz
Cecelia~Cecelia
Avila~Avila
keystone's~clé de voûte de
circuits~circuits
salesperson~vendeur
fatter~fatter
Parnell~Parnell
doggonest~doggonest
pushcarts~charrettes à bras
bowel~intestin
pappy~papa
autobiographers~autobiographies
tarot~tarots
organismic~organiciste
diptych~diptych
sacker's~de Sacker
micromanages~micromanages
fluctuates~fluctuates
hayrick~hayrick
sit~asseoir
stoup's~bénitier de
indexer's~Années indexeur
bores~alésages
corolla~corolla
Ferber~Ferber
Suwanee~Suwanee
Magdalena's~Magdalena de
interrelationships~interrelations
Trenton's~Trenton de
entire~entire
schoolteachers~maîtres d'école
Ctesiphon's~Ctésiphon de
tropic~tropique
Lateran's~lateran de
hymns~hymnes
roosts~perchoirs
baronetcy~baronnet
zapping~zappant
Corrine's~Corrine de
speaker~orateur
facings~facings
unholier~Unholier
squabbler's~querelleur de
backdrop's~toile de fond de
coddle~dorloter
pile's~de pile
cerements~suaire
somewhat~quelque peu
pacifism's~de Pacifisme
Cherokees~Cherokees
cooperator's~cooperator's
enumerations~enumerations
Umbriel~umbriel
twistiest~tortueuse
frauds~frauds
ampere~ampère
jujube's~jujube de
Treasury~Trésorerie
Hussite~hussite
landlocked~enclavé
Stetson~Stetson
constitutionally~Constitution
equestriennes~equestriennes
bagels~bagels
cravat~cravat
Terrence's~Terrence
Pentax's~Pentax de
unsafe~peu sûr
descendants~descendants
void's~de vide
interminably~interminablement
trainspotter~trainspotter
ambulant~ambulant
villeins~manants
liquorice~réglisse
subprime~subprime
tanner~tanneur
intermarriage's~de mariages mixtes
stepmom's~de stepmom
Babbitt~babitte
fourfold~fourfold
stoniness~Pierrosité
Horacio~Horacio
industrialise~industrialiser
pious~pieux
punctuality~ponctualité
jalousie~jalousie
glaziers~glaziers
horridly~horridly
chromatin's~chromatine de
bickers~bickers
recidivist~récidiviste
simonizes~simonizes
churchyards~cimetières
snowmobile's~motoneige de
asides~apartés
flatterer's~flatterer's
subtotal's~Sous-total de
yardman~yardman
Alva~Alva
anticline~anticlinal
Callas's~callas de
Emerson's~Emerson
repairer~réparateur
lymphoma~lymphome
thesaurus's~thésaurus de
intransitives~intransitif
convert's~convert's
stouter~stouter
nonalignment~non alignement
hypocrite's~hypocrites
crummy~crummy
Cong's~Cong de
manacle~menotte
unstated~tacite
courtships~courtships
arbour~tonnelle
Nicaea~Nicée
ecumenism~ecumenism
vindicators~vindicators
reapportionment's~reapportionment de
stiffest~rigide
Rockefeller~Rockefeller
contractility~contractility
faction's~faction's
Thea's~Thea de
sexiness's~de sex-appeal
paperbark~paperbark
rhymers~rimeurs
celibate's~de célibataires
lowdown's~de verité
grounded~grounded
remedy's~remède de
unhandier~unhandier
reneged~renié
Cali's~Cali de
Lynnette~Lynnette
dementedly~dementedly
innovative~innovant
indecision's~de l'indécision
flipper~flipper
valve~soupape
cottonseed~cottonseed
inaugurals~inaugurals
naiads~naïades
bolder~plus audacieux
mudguards~Garde-boue
loathing's~de haine
equilaterals~equilaterals
gauzy~gauzy
stoker~chauffeur
glitziest~glitziest
mainframe~unité centrale
ministrant's~ministrant de
Arkwright~Arkwright
Wright's~Wright
arguments~arguments
watermarks~filigranes
bazaar's~Bazaar
afford~offrir
cardboard~papier carton
Sexton's~Sexton de
draft~draft
valuates~valorise
neuritis~névrite
blander~blander
arraigns~arraigns
overpraising~overpraising
unsheathe~dégainer
nonmember's~non-membre de
assayed~dosées
scrooge's~Scrooge de
indisputable~incontestable
Tunisia's~la Tunisie
kuchen~Kuchen
frailty's~frailty's
Don's~Don de
hack~hack
biotin~biotine
piebalds~piebalds
wherry~bachot
feminism's~feminism's
variegating~variegating
tiff's~tiff de
wot~WOT
attestation's~attestation de
exemplar~exemplar
adventurously~adventurously
avatar~avatar
MA~MA
Angelica~Angélique
evenings~evenings
Felipe's~Felipe de
catcher's~receveur de
touchdowns~touchdowns
Sufi's~soufi de
coverts~coverts
fugue~fugue
Tide's~Les marées
federalising~federalising
shaving's~copeaux
bake's~cuire au four de
desalinising~desalinising
dote~dote
lurid~criard
evaporator's~evaporator's
congresswoman's~membre du Congrès des années
patience~la patience
CST~CST
amazingly~étonnamment
immolation's~immolation de
shorthanded~en désavantage numérique
prettiness~beauté
closeout's~de closeout
prejudges~préjuge
pinstripe~pinstripe
obstructed~obstruée
Cf's~Cf de
T's~T de
overgrows~prolifère
recon~recon
housings~boîtiers
cerebration's~de la cogitation
kaddish~Kaddish
intrusiveness~intrusif
laddie's~Laddie de
defrosters~defrosters
perverts~pervertit
bifocals's~Années bifocaux
beachfront~en bord de mer
Patrick~Patrick
stupefies~stupéfie
Tangiers~tanger
tango~tango
bedazzled~Bedazzled
shag's~Années shag
moisturise~hydratez
battiest~Battiest
Kyoto's~KYOTO
linemen~monteurs de lignes
Danube~Danube
lulling~Lulling
terrier~terrier
Longueuil~Longueuil
guesstimate's~guesstimate's
pitchers~pichets
defrays~defrays
jellylike~gélatineuse
Galatea~Galatea
birdhouses~maisons d'oiseaux
brassiest~brassiest
scrivener's~Scrivener de
caramelised~caramélisés
Herrera's~Herrera de
untying~dénouement
latte's~café au lait de
conjunctives~conjonctives
Paige~Paige
Amharic's~amharique de
garcon~garcon
caseload's~nombre de cas de
tenderfoots~tenderfoots
recuperative~récupératif
waterfalls~cascades
chequer's~vérificateur de
retests~retests
persecutes~persécute
mingled~mêlé
Faith~Foi
offhandedly~avec désinvolture
gigglier~gigglier
buffaloing~buffaloing
rial~rial
doublespeak~doublespeak
overgrazed~surpâturage
Saussure~Saussure
headstall's~Années headstall
Marsha~Marsha
Memling's~Memling de
turmoil~la tourmente
debris's~debris's
working's~de travail
concerning~concernant
ignominy~ignominie
PO~PO
procrastinator~procrastinator
workaholic~bourreau de travail
cattiest~cattiest
linchpin's~de cheville ouvrière
Mahfouz's~mahfouz de
guttersnipes~guttersnipes
arthropod~arthropode
mongoloids~mongoliens
Jayson's~Jayson
xor~XOR
highboy~commode
Fabian~Fabien
maillot's~Années Maillot
telephoner's~telephoner de
Interpol~Interpol
Gwendolyn's~Gwendolyn de
amortisable~amortissable
palace~palais
whirlpool's~bain à remous de
enter~enter
southerner~sudiste
linkman~speaker
Arabia~Saoudite
mobiles~mobiles
moan~gémissement
Byronic's~byronien de
zip~Zip *: français
stainless~inoxydable
Brant~Brant
asocial~asocial
EFL~EFL
downstate~downstate
swotted~swotted
sedate~calme
polluters~pollueurs
baronage~baronnage
confounded~confondu
sugarcoat~édulcorer
Sextans's~Années Sextant
laxness~laxness
unbutton~déboutonner
shampooing~shampooinage
juice~jus
cantilever's~cantilever de
downturn's~downturn's
quart~litre
specie~espèces
professorial~professoral
uncial's~onciale de
cadence's~cadence de
encasing~encasing
doglike~doglike
cosigning~cosigning
shanty's~bicoque de
yammer's~Yammer de
MIDI's~MIDI OUT
Laue's~Laue de
pocketknives~canifs
Reagan~Reagan
forestall~forestall
Heinrich's~Heinrich de
arrangement's~arrangement de
Monsignors~Messeigneurs
conclude~conclure
irksome~ennuyeux
vichyssoise~vichyssoise
inordinate~excessif
Herzegovina's~Herzégovine de
catsuits~catsuits
isl~isl
enormity's~enormity's
worshippers~adorateurs
therefrom~de là
Allentown's~Allentown de
cotters~cotters
farrow~farrow
atheistic~athée
pilchards~pilchard
Greenland~Groenland
lambed~agnelé
dollhouse's~dollhouse's
thesauruses~thesaurus
nonparticipating~non participants
radiation's~de rayonnement
method~méthode
Mandalay's~Mandalay de
biggest~le plus grand
introversion's~de introversion
appreciated~apprécié
Riverside~bord de l'eau
morale~moral
nebula's~nébuleuse de
crossover~crossover
travel's~Voyage de
exigences~exigences
Randal's~Randal de
troublesomely~troublesomely
sharkskin's~Années Sharkskin
kikes~youpins
unemployable~inemployables
celebrants~célébrants
Putin's~Poutine
gooks~gooks
burring~ébavurage
charting~cartographie
discontinuances~discontinuances
fiddler's~fiddler's
speakeasies~speakeasies
distant~distant
empires~empires
Duran~Duran
olfactory~olfactif
Kaufman~Kaufman
Mesa's~Mesa de
photosynthesis~photosynthèse
trigonometrical~trigonométrique
replies~réponses
doodle~doodle
macroeconomic~macroéconomique
seditious~séditieux
expelling~expelling
sambaed~sambaed
majesty's~majesté
dimwit~dimwit
porcupine's~porcupine de
gnash~gnash
interrogator's~interrogateur de
thermometers~thermomètres
diffed~diffed
matchbook~matchbook
Savior~Sauveur
McEnroe~McEnroe
motif~motif
showered~douchés
discommodes~discommodes
casserole~casserole
buff~chamois
decisive~decisive
slivers~éclats
skim's~skim de
infidelity's~de l'infidélité
whelked~whelked
shootouts~fusillades
steeples~clochetons
unflappability~flegme
togetherness~unité
gainsayers~gainsayers
reciter's~de reciter
sloops~sloops
Scipio~Scipion
unhygienic~non hygiénique
Aztecan~Aztecan
oven's~four années
Polo's~Polo de
fetlock~fetlock
coyness~coyness
savouriness's~sapidité de
yieldings~complaisances
fifths~fifths
asphyxiate~asphyxier
slate's~ardoise de
Cyrus~Cyrus
malingerers~malingerers
acquires~acquiert
forewent~forewent
momentous~important
smearing~maculage
embitterment's~embitterment's
bolster~traversin
unknowings~unknowings
stature's~stature de
schooling's~la scolarisation des
trellising~palissage
gorilla~gorilla
Cooperstown~Cooperstown
mainline's~ligne principale de
fearless~fearless
conductivity's~conductivité de
modern~moderne
Esteban~Esteban
banana~banane
musettes~musettes
fair's~fair's
Tinkerbell~Fée Clochette
enthronement's~enthronement's
flatboats~flatboats
embellishing~embellishing
terser~terser
bevy~bande
chokecherry's~chokecherry de
animadverts~animadverts
injure~blesser
corrections~corrections
tumbleweed's~Tumbleweed de
wiretapper~wiretapper
horticulturist's~horticulteur de
finking~finking
waterways~cours d'eau
brambles~ronciers
custodianship~custodianship
bolshie~bolshie
espalier~espalier
Nahum~Nahum
swells~gonfle
sitemaps~sitemaps
piggybacking~ferroutage
alkaloid's~alcaloïde de
promises~promesses
avocados~avocats
patriotically~patriotiquement
patient~patient
precincts~environs
Tue~Mar
brogue~accent irlandais
capitals~capitales
yacht~yacht
explorers~explorers
turnings~tournures
Clemens~Clemens
cosmology~cosmology
disapproval's~disapproval's
muzak~muzak
tallboy~grand garçon
doe~doe
rectangle~rectangle
meed~Meed
yawned~bâillé
soggier~soggier
snaky~sinueux
spays~spays
tuning~réglage
direction~direction
clear's~Assainissons
Trey's~Trey de
Eve~Veille
second~seconde
cricketing~cricketing
Mazama's~Mazama de
mince's~hachis de
embossers~embossers
Consuelo's~Consuelo
gild~gild
consing~consing
dredger's~dredger's
absorbance~absorbance
doffs~doffs
Loretta~Loretta
stalwarts~stalwarts
immortality~immortalité
livery~livrée
progresses~progressera
PST's~PST
podiums~podiums
artworks~œuvres d'art
silicosis~silicose
lobbies~lobbies
exhibitionism's~exhibitionism's
emojis~emojis
outlet~sortie
format~format
screenwriter~scénariste
garter~garter
overdub~overdub
basemen~basemen
Chandler~shipchandler
hymnbook's~Hymnbook de
principles~des principes
envisaged~envisaged
lumbers~sciages
metal~métal
decontaminate~decontaminate
confiscation's~confiscation de
Rodger's~Rodger de
overwork~surmenage
superimposition's~de surimposition
Key~Clé
strait's~détroit de
cortisone's~cortisone's
hazed~Hazed
aigrette's~aigrette de
disagreeable~disagreeable
weepy~larmoyant
Dave's~Dave
foundlings~foundlings
lamaseries~lamaseries
breed's~race de
cackle~caqueter
birdbrained~birdbrained
Nikkei's~Nikkei de
Bonita's~Bonita de
haematologist's~haematologist's
contraflow~contraflow
plectra~plectres
entrancingly~entrancingly
Liberian~Libéria
chainsaw's~scie à chaîne de
vengeful~vengeur
Hilfiger~Hilfiger
sinners~pécheurs
expenditure~expenditure
Ir's~Ir de
attunes~attunes
snoozes~siestes
jeopardy~péril
tuberculosis~tuberculose
federals~federals
devilish~devilish
bushwhacker's~bushwhacker de
bespeaks~témoigne
listless~indifférent
breadboard's~de planche à pain
planeload's~de planeload
residuum~résidu
smoked~fumé
entails~entails
Texaco~Texaco
nonesuch's~Nonesuch de
disfigurement~disfigurement
fumigator~fumigator
gratuitousness's~gratuitousness's
lope~bond
dunned~dunned
dilemma's~dilemma's
reunifies~réunifie
terrycloth's~Années ratine
Nansen's~Nansen de
Fallopian's~fallopian de
scrawls~gribouillages
railroaded~railroaded
acrylamide~acrylamide
handwork~handwork
wordsmiths~wordsmiths
ship~navire
escalation's~escalation's
halfwits~halfwits
corker~corker
mackinaws~Mackinaws
latchkeys~latchkeys
dumpster's~dumpster's
Gilberto~Gilberto
legging~legging
powerhouses~centrales électriques
flavoured~flavoured
decelerated~decelerated
harpooning~harponnage
Chumash~Chumash
perhaps~peut-être
superglue~super colle
phase~phase
scramble's~bousculade de
excreted~excreted
pinked~dentelée
profuseness~profuseness
colic's~coliques de
Turkestan's~Turkestan de
congressional~Congressional
knell's~glas de
vocalist's~du chanteur
blackbird~merle
Campanella~Campanella
Nunki~Nunki
Rabin~Rabin
revivalists~revivalistes
understatements~euphémismes
foreleg's~foreleg's
trainers~formateurs
Bordeaux's~Bordeaux de
enjoying~enjoying
Bali's~Bali de
inimitably~inimitably
hydrogenation's~hydrogénation de
martyrdom~martyre
lubricants~lubrifiants
Methuselah's~de Mathusalem
vacuuming~passe l'aspirateur
Prescott~Prescott
preferable~préférable
Persians~Perses
hacksaw's~hacksaw's
Phelps's~Phelps de
reassignment's~réaffectation de
Pushtu~pashto
Pamela~Pamela
Taiping's~Taiping de
womanlier~womanlier
blasphemies~blasphèmes
immunological~immunologique
comparably~comparablement
flexed~flexed
propellant~propergol
Istanbul's~Istanbul de
caw~croasser
totalitarian's~totalitaires de
hideous~hideux
blued~bleui
humus's~humus années
unmoved~insensible
taps~robinets
reoccur~reproduiront
flattered~flattered
fireplug~fireplug
revile~vilipender
detach~detach
condole~exprimer ses condoléances
disgorges~disgorges
donged~donged
oxidiser~oxydeur
unloosening~dévissant
jeopardy's~danger de
copters~copters
broodier~broodier
carnivore's~carnassier de
expects~expects
decent~decent
Donn's~Donn de
span~envergure
harking~harking
horseback~dos de cheval
botanically~botaniquement
Pentecostals~pentecôtistes
seduces~séduit
pageboys~pageboys
spun~pivoté
mead~hydromel
confidence~confiance
Rock~Roche
sonnies~sonnies
pilloried~mis au pilori
seeks~cherche
Peg~Cheville
delicately~delicately
freelancer's~freelancer's
Pd's~Pd de
perineum~périnée
synagogues~synagogues
blondes~Blondes
bodge~Bodge
politicking~la politique politicienne
spreadeagled~écartés,
conserve~conserver
redbreast's~redbreast de
pothole's~nid de poule de
indicted~mis en accusation
inappropriateness~inopportunité
tryptophan~tryptophane
slammer~prison
Mort~Mort
tonsillitis's~de l'amygdalite
eyebrow's~eyebrow's
garrison~garrison
Coppola's~Coppola
Gerard~Gérard
alumina's~alumine de
isomorphic~isomorphe
annotator's~de annotateurs
Hefner~Hefner
Bartholdi's~bartholdi de
subways~passages souterrains
millage~millage
storefronts~Les devantures
vacationist's~vacationist de
antipollution~anti-pollution
Omayyad's~Omeyyades de
preoccupation's~préoccupation de
dowelling~dowelling
Brennan's~Brennan
Grundy~Grundy
sophist's~de sophiste
Marilyn's~Marilyn
swarming~fourmillement
shirtsleeve~shirtsleeve
flatware's~flatware's
squalled~squalled
quietens~apaise
occupier~occupant
delimitation~delimitation
cinematic~cinéma
moat~fossé
finagled~finagled
mismatch's~non-concordance de
BP~BP
overdecorated~trop décorées
Auckland~Auckland
goldfields~goldfields
fuzzball~fuzzball
understate~minimiser
papyrus's~papyrus de
fail~fail
stashing~stashing
MacDonald~MacDonald
quaff's~Années QUAFF
seismography's~de sismographe
sculpture's~de la sculpture
taxpayers~les contribuables
threadier~threadier
Sauternes~sauternes
grumpily~grumpily
coadjutor~coadjuteur
accumulated~accumulé
downtime~downtime
tuned~l'écoute
dumpiest~dumpiest
scenically~scéniquement
nitrites~nitrites
dutifulness's~dutifulness's
comparability~comparabilité
audits~audits
tempered~tempéré
orchestrates~orchestre
catcalled~catcalled
Dion~Dion
migrant's~migrants de
mashups~mashups
popularity's~La popularité de
Powell's~Powell
Parnassus~Parnasse
regathered~rassemblé de nouveau
hypochondria's~Années hypocondrie
surprised~surpris
fomentation~fomentation
verruca~verrue
platelet's~plaquettes de
gunfire's~gunfire's
bilges~bouchains
DVD~DVD
Confucianisms~Confucianisms
anti's~anti-de
Brampton's~Brampton de
argumentation~argumentation
redwoods~séquoias
tailwinds~tailwinds
upkeep's~entretien de
juncture's~moment de
priceless~inestimable
lolled~Vautrée
morrow's~demain de
sachet~sachet
orthodontia~orthodontia
propagandises~propagandises
Worcesters~Worcesters
exoplanets~exoplanets
earful's~earful's
haircloth's~haircloth's
resentments~ressentiments
obits~obits
plaintiff~demandeur
envenoms~envenoms
underbelly's~bas-ventre de
temp's~température de
judicious~judicieux
flecks~flecks
inconceivable~inconcevable
Diem's~Diem
Tantalus~Tantale
mugger~agresseur
sweetie~ma chérie
poufs~poufs
sidearms~bras latéraux
quadriplegia's~Années quadriplégie
napless~napless
oilskin's~de cirés
ragamuffins~ragamuffins
mugwumps~Mugwumps
transcendental~transcendantal
spitting~crachant
fatherhood~fatherhood
stillbirths~mortinaissances
wrestle~lutter
standbys~standby
hipper~hipper
spellchecker~correcteur orthographique
importance~importance
suzerainty's~de suzeraineté
preliminary~préliminaire
guitars~guitars
wavy~ondulé
capitulation~capitulation
necroses~nécroses
Faustino~Faustino
limpidness~limpidité
Madeiras~madères
succulency's~succulence de
councilman's~councilman's
actions~actes
doors~doors
Carnation~Œillet
clinker~mâchefer
tiger's~tIGRE
noncombat~non-combat
Rose's~Des roses
Upanishads's~Années Upanishads
restructuring's~restructuration de
Redgrave's~Redgrave de
Israel's~ISRAËL
undemonstrative~peu démonstratif
flameproofing~flameproofing
bilingual~bilingue
tiara's~tiare de
dartboards~dartboards
money~argent
larynx~larynx
spinsterhood~célibat
eyesore~eyesore
commonest~fréquente
wilting~flétrissure
addressed~adressée
graphical~graphical
kvetcher's~kvetcher de
level~niveau
pinafore's~chasuble de
triplex~triplex
Jagger's~Jagger de
maxed~atteint la limite
grumble~grumble
Calvary~Calvaire
heckled~chahuté
beast~bête
apprehensive~inquiet
marking's~marquages
Adolph's~Adolph de
boathouses~hangars à bateaux
Silesia's~Silésie de
washstand's~Années lavabos
grandiloquence~grandiloquence
Oates's~Années Oates
hauler's~de manutentionnaire
extrapolation~extrapolation
bisections~bissections
parapet~parapet
McCarthyism's~maccarthysme de
grittiness~grittiness
Alicia's~Alicia
microfiche's~microfiches de
gases~gases
Spielberg's~Spielberg
fest's~fest's
outwith~En dehors
Titian's~Titien
charbroil~charbroil
peafowl~paon
Rusty~Rouillé
foots~foots
derailing~derailing
nighthawk~engoulevent
masker~masker
documenting~documenting
overestimated~surestimée
intervenes~intervient
citizenry's~citoyens de
beaten~battu
McKnight~McKnight
confessing~confessant
spangle's~paillette de
fetuses~fetuses
pridefully~pridefully
infatuation's~de infatuation
dehydrators~dehydrators
egregious~egregious
ago~depuis
directorial~directorial
entryway~entryway
Pickford's~Pickford de
careful~prudent
yurt~yourte
downswing's~downswing's
flummoxing~flummoxing
leans~se penche
Rwanda's~Rwanda de
moult's~muent de
Blair~Blair
appearing~apparaissant
untamed~sauvage
miller~meunier
infelicity's~de infelicity
portraitists~portraitistes
concusses~concusses
coatroom~vestiaire
stipulate~stipuler
laparoscopy~coelioscopie
crummiest~crummiest
expounder's~expounder's
encumber~encumber
spiralled~spiralé
salvation~salut
twanged~twanged
nocturne's~de nocturne
astrologers~astrologues
armaments~armements
thither~là
scooter~scooter
pentathletes~pentathlètes
moats~fossés
Malthus~Malthus
men~Hommes
Aguilar~Aguilar
slickly~slickly
commonwealth~Commonwealth
adherence's~l'adhésion de
frippery~frippery
roles~les rôles
sonatas~sonates
ritual's~rituel du
concussion~commotion cérébrale
reinstates~Rétablit
huddle~se blottir
Doyle~Doyle
beadles~bedeaux
serenaded~sérénade
Ampere~Ampère
gusted~gusted
ceramics~céramique
Kant~Kant
catheterised~cathétérisé
uninfluenced~sans influence
croquet's~croquet's
crosses~crosses
shadier~plus ombragé
Angelia's~Années Angelia
embraces~embraces
blurrier~image floue
snowshoes~Raquettes à neige
vitamin~vitamine
meetinghouse's~Années Meetinghouse
crabgrass's~crabgrass's
ambassadorship~poste d'ambassadeur
underestimation~sous-estimation
imaginations~imagination
AIDS's~années SIDA
extradition's~extradition's
Zoroastrianism~Zoroastrisme
Brunhilde~Brunhilde
Wicca~Wicca
falsehoods~falsehoods
trumpeter's~de trompettiste
bucketfuls~seaux
truncating~tronquer
bulbous~bulbeux
nightspot~night-club
vatting~cuvaison
star's~étoiles
smashes~fracasse
sallower~sallower
tremulousness~tremulousness
Edith's~Edith
descries~descries
licentious~licencieux
overpays~surpaye
herbalists~herboristes
taskmistresses~taskmistresses
Remington's~Remington
Rosa~Rosa
mislabels~mislabels
graved~graved
plainclothesman~homme en civil
pushpin~pushpin
cushioning~cushioning
washrags~washrags
victual's~vivres
hunger's~de la faim
Antaeus~Antaeus
kitchenware~ustensiles de cuisine
recharged~rechargées
callously~sans pitié
karate~karaté
pillowcase's~de taie
birdlime's~glu de
teething~poussée dentaire
sidled~clopinaient
objurgate~réprimander
guested~guested
deejay~deejay
Z~Z
Ruskin's~Ruskin
abjuration's~abjuration de
constituency~circonscription électorale
Seders~Seders
spaceman's~de Spaceman
stocktaking~inventaire
berry~baie
chauffeur~chauffeur
static~statique
Lindsay's~Lindsay
sackcloth~toile à sac
hospices~soins palliatifs
fiesta~fiesta
songwriting~songwriting
thwack's~thwack de
indivisibility~indivisibilité
likely~probable
prevail~prévaloir
postmark's~cachet de la poste de
Monticello~Monticello
Democritus~Démocrite
darns~darns
sceptic~sceptique
commentated~commenté
Cooley's~Cooley de
lynches~Lynches
impassive~impassible
Judson~Judson
game~game
enjoyable~enjoyable
aggravate~aggraver
pickup~ramasser
vapours~vapeurs
Carlos~Carlos
outplacement~outplacement
uppermost~le plus élevé
reclined~inclinée
crick's~crick's
unbound~non lié
freestyle's~freestyle's
messianic~messianique
expiry's~expiry's
Toltec~toltèque
lunched~déjeunait
raiment's~de raiment
kinked~vrillé
pinsetter's~requilleur de
bowel's~intestins
Pavlov's~Pavlov de
smelter~fonderie
regent's~régent de
disabling~disabling
cochlea~limaçon
Illinois~Illinois
seafloors~fonds sous-marins
prevention's~prévention de
romances~romances
croup~croup
sportscaster~sportscaster
crappers~crappers
polytheists~polythéistes
Huck's~Huck de
Alnilam~Alnilam
Mooney~Mooney
snidest~snidest
multidimensional~multidimensionnel
latticeworks~treillages
forage~forage
differentiation's~differentiation's
spiritualists~spiritualistes
collocate~arranger
Burroughs's~Années Burroughs
Resurrection~Résurrection
cataclysms~cataclysmes
grandpa~grandpa
gelatin~gelatin
trudging~chemine
kittenish~de chaton
bandmaster~chef de musique
seascapes~paysages marins
locks~serrures
reshipment~réexpédition
ladylove's~ladylove de
inquire~renseigner
signallers~signaleurs
scriptwriter's~scénariste de
auditing~vérification des comptes
Adam's~adamique
prompting~incitation
profaneness~profaneness
ear~ear
cuticles~cuticles
sirloin~aloyau
flashers~flashers
uterus's~utérus de
Baffin's~Baffin de
eulogising~eulogising
radiotherapists~radiothérapeutes
appointments~rendez-vous
presort~tri préliminaire
Menelik~Menelik
besmears~barbouille
brainwashed~lavage de cerveau
litany~litanie
edits~edits
fashionable~fashionable
Unitarian's~unitarienne de
Sierras~Sierras
cowsheds~cowsheds
misleads~fourvoie
rye's~seigle de
sheepishness~penaud
quieting~tranquilliser
slanderers~calomniateurs
restrings~restrings
obstreperousness's~de obstreperousness
knight~Chevalier
allotting~allouant
Hebe~Hebe
hyperthyroid's~hyperthyroïdie de
ugh~Pouah
piloting~pilotage
countrified~countrified
slovenlier~slovenlier
Pickwick~Pickwick
ulcer's~ulcère de
pansy's~Pansy
workflow's~flux de travail de
murder~meurtre
organises~organise
badder~badder
coinage~monnaie
acceptableness's~acceptableness de
Len's~Lentille
sexologist's~de sexologues
fortuitously~fortuitously
consecrated~consacrée
Arturo~Arturo
eldercare's~eldercare's
basic~de base
repetitions~répétitions
Capuchin's~capucin de
hobbler's~Clopinel de
attenuating~atténuant
disruptions~disruptions
mutually~mutuellement
gravid~gravid
pack~pack
groundbreaking's~groundbreaking's
scouter~scouter
draining~draining
geosynclines~geosynclines
gruffest~gruffest
sneaker's~baskets
Shiva~Shiva
soliloquy~soliloque
Epiphanies~épiphanies
tipped~tipped
rapine's~de rapines
Lockheed's~Lockheed de
dazzling~dazzling
workbooks~classeurs
portmanteau~portemanteau
underfunded~sous-financés
liefest~liefest
withholding~suspension
acclivity~montée
Topeka's~topeka de
FSLIC~FSLIC
alphabetiser's~alphabetiser de
negates~annule
Vulgates~vulgates
gumboots~gumboots
pad's~du pad
evictions~evictions
iniquities~iniquités
cutlers~cutlers
assumable~assumable
cadger~mendiant
pharmacologic~pharmacologique
Valentino~Valentino
lushly~somptueusement
gait's~gait's
flavouring~flavouring
abed~un lit
speciality~spécialité
UPI~UPI
bind's~bind de
councilwomen~councilwomen
thirsted~assoiffé
worthwhile~digne d'intérêt
Belgian's~de Belgique
jockeys~jockeys
Kline's~Kline de
lip~lèvre
educed~educed
ingenious~ingénieux
orienteering~course d'orientation
calms~calme
deferentially~deferentially
Ernestine~Ernestine
meiotic~méiose
Dare~Oser
parlay's~Parlay de
hair~hair
rusher's~rusher de
vandal's~vandale de
Vaughn~Vaughn
medicates~medicates
teaspoon~cuillère à café
Philadelphia~crême Philadelphia
reedier~reedier
Palladio's~Palladio
stage~étape
Desiree~Désirée
Pretoria~Pretoria
voluntarism's~de volontarisme
wipes~lingettes
parlour's~salon de
openest~ouvres
handguns~handguns
yowling~hurlement
touchstone~pierre de touche
Annabel's~Annabel de
bedfellows~bon ménage
Esmeralda's~Esmeralda de
fleeing~fleeing
centilitres~centilitres
Macintosh~Macintosh
neocolonialist~néocolonialiste
Herschel's~Herschel
encounters~encounters
nonlethal~non mortel
sensationalised~sensationnaliste
inauspiciously~mauvais auspices
ramjets~statoréacteurs
ungrudging~généreux
Hellene~Hellène
Kerr's~Kerr
oligonucleotide~oligonucléotide
macaw~ara
optional~optionnel
executor~executor
Suffolk~Suffolk
parade~parade
fichu~fichu
Hope~Espérer
vignettists~vignettists
bubble~bulle
culminations~culminations
handshake~handshake
alternatively~sinon
aunt~tante
shrills~shrills
hussars~Hussars
tetrameter's~de tetrameter
joylessness's~de joylessness
Rogers~Rogers
frizzed~frizzed
loosing~perdre
dominate~dominate
Charlotte~Charlotte
persecuting~persécutant
overconfident~excès de confiance
whiskery~whiskery
integument's~tégument de
flatirons~flatirons
synod's~synode de
NRA~NRA
Adhara~Adhara
bellow's~soufflet
snapdragon~muflier
refunds~remboursement
GE~GE
hoariest~hoariest
gravamen's~gravamen's
death~death
hampering~hampering
demand's~demand's
spotlessly~impeccable
hurry~se dépêcher
Kropotkin's~Kropotkine
trifler~trifler
cornbread~cornbread
outmatching~surenchérit
phoniest~phoniest
banyan's~Années banian
vendor's~vendeurs
fezzes~fezzes
interspersion's~entremêlement de
cultivar's~cultivar's
shards~tessons
Inge's~Inge de
barrings~barrings
sport~sport
tights~collants
ceilings~plafonds
Basques~Basques
germane~germane
snuffing~priser
boxcars~wagons
moneylender's~de usurier
Salas~Salas
Miami~Miami
footbridge's~footbridge's
bustle's~remue-ménage de
Pontiac~Pontiac
anvil's~enclume de
Grimm's~Grimm
oversteps~outrepasse
Paar~Paar
wayside's~Wayside de
splayfoot~marché en canard
taste's~goûts
Daimler's~de Daimler
Leif's~Leif de
Noyce's~Noyce de
adversaries~adversaires
Ives~Ives
improved~amélioré
amorphously~amorphe
prospectors~prospecteurs
lifeguards~maîtres-nageurs
brotherhood's~la fraternité de
rambunctious~turbulent
bunions~hallux valgus
commodity~marchandise
ammonium~ammonium
turbidity~turbidité
Aimee's~Aimée
hepatocytes~hepatocytes
convoys~convoys
compresses~compresses
pederasty's~de la pédérastie
resurveyed~resurveyed
Leeward's~sous le vent de
Muskogee's~Muskogee de
demo~demo
puzzles~puzzle
possession's~possessions
washables~washables
timidness~timidness
motels~motels
pyrotechnical~pyrotechnie
ombudsman's~L'OMBUDSMAN
repayable~remboursable
Mariana~Mariana
bevels~biseaux
gobbed~gobbed
founded~founded
wintergreen~wintergreen
manometers~manomètres
asymptomatic~asymptomatique
unsnarls~unsnarls
tumbril's~tombereau de
Waterford~Waterford
rebus~rébus
greys~greys
rocketed~monté en flèche
livelong~vivre longtemps
squalidness's~squalidness de
smudgy~tachées
loaf's~pain de
outfighting~outfighting
striker~le buteur
whistled~sifflait
debiting~debiting
missal's~missel de
newsstands~un kiosque à journaux
cecum's~de caecum
fatalistically~fatalistically
screenshot~capture d'écran
Andrews's~Andrews de
Lvov's~Lvov de
Mansfield~Mansfield
nearness~proximité
Alva's~Alva de
cybernetics~cybernetics
flagellant~flagellant
rigged~gréé
stronghold~bastion
taro~taro
halloo~halloo
foxtrot~foxtrot
budgeting~budgétisation
tweezers's~pince à épiler de
acerbated~acerbated
Chibcha's~chibcha de
speck~grain
Hilbert~Hilbert
coaches~entraîneurs
waylayers~waylayers
Dipper's~Ourse de
putouts~putouts
Bundesbank's~Bundesbank de
slaughters~carnages
Rove's~Rove de
basked~baignait
Pygmy~pygmée
seaways~Seaways
negritude's~de la négritude
ragtags~ragtags
Limousin~Limousin
flurried~flurried
Grimm~Grimm
jowliest~jowliest
drape~drape
husker's~décortiqueuse de
Estela's~Estela de
electrocardiograms~electrocardiograms
Noel's~Noel de
indefeasible~imprescriptible
segmentation~segmentation
Tennesseans~Tennesseans
chauffeurs~Expéditeurs
receding~fuyant
jaguars~jaguars
schadenfreude~schadenfreude
sultanates~sultanats
princeliest~princeliest
tasks~les tâches
glandes~glandes
saltwater's~eau salée de
duchess~duchess
forayed~forayed
glimpsed~glimpsed
antitoxin's~de antitoxine
doctrinaire's~doctrinaire's
rehashed~rabâché
dilated~dilated
jazzes~enjolive
polymath's~de polymathe
haunt's~hantent de
harmfulness~harmfulness
wonderful~formidable
surroundings's~environs de
parentheses~entre parenthèses
deportment's~deportment's
pack's~Pack de
collages~collages
troposphere~troposphère
vita's~Vita de
twiggiest~twiggiest
Maine~Maine
underestimations~sous-estimations
Cousteau's~Cousteau de
stationer's~stationer de
lack's~le manque de
Glaxo~Glaxo
Astor~Astor
affordability~abordabilité
grenadier's~grenadier's
fundamental's~fundamental's
anvil~enclume
reps~reps
helix~hélix
indulgently~avec indulgence
cavalcade~cavalcade
debtors~debtors
fireman's~fireman's
vouchsafes~daigne
hogwash's~de foutaise
trendies~trendies
enzymatic~enzymatic
trapezium's~de trapèzes
abyssal~abyssal
moss's~mousse de
gluttony~gluttony
Yong~Yong
nonintellectual~non intellectuelle
algebraic~algébrique
subsistence~subsistance
inviolably~inviolablement
accommodations~hébergement
homecomings~retours à la maison
afforestation~boisement
thenceforward~dès lors
disclaimed~disclaimed
rerun~rediffusion
Jupiter~Jupiter
hostessing~hostessing
archives~les archives
kicker's~kicker de
boiled~bouilli
discontentedly~discontentedly
kilometre's~kilomètre de
chirpiest~chirpiest
achoo~achoo
hall~hall
skippered~skippé
staccato~staccato
goldenrod~goldenrod
winglike~forme d'ailes
serialisations~sérialisations
arteriosclerosis~artériosclérose
rector's~Rector
tortes~Tortes
pass~passer
thole's~Thole de
Casandra~Casandra
baler's~presse à balles de
retches~retches
pastries~des pâtisseries
swat's~swat de
hosteling~hosteling
Ljubljana's~Ljubljana de
rosaries~rosaires
regrettably~malheureusement
ingrained~enraciné
garners~garners
annoying~ennuyeux
entries~entries
Patsy's~Patsy
Tereshkova's~Tereshkova de
crepuscular~crepuscular
bombards~bombardes
tanagers~tanagers
bubbling~bullage
Libby~Libby
claviers~Claviers
southward's~est vers le sud
weal's~de weal
piglet's~porcelet de
transceiver~émetteur-récepteur
paces~allures
squid's~années calmars
lama~lama
twisters~Twisters
Woodstock's~Woodstock de
tangible's~tangibles de
sub~sous
skied~skié
prosecutes~intente des poursuites
wheeziest~wheeziest
ripsaw's~ripsaw de
tendered~soumissionné
tepidity~tiédeur
shifty~sournois
Pauline's~Pauline
stating~déclarant
spangle~paillette
Flint~Silex
incorrigibility's~de incorrigibilité
resolves~décide
Yakima's~yakima de
Davenport's~Davenport
parenthesise~parenthesise
devoid~devoid
wired~filaire
Marla~Marla
pealing~décollait
sculpting~sculpture
cirque~cirque
obstructionist~obstructionniste
faultlessness~faultlessness
daggers~daggers
undone~défait
disbursed~disbursed
oversexed~ne pensant qu'au sexe
selenographers~sélénographes
recline~incliner
stagnancy~stagnation
payloads~charges utiles
temptress~tentatrice
incoherent~incohérent
lapboard~Lapboard
equivalency~equivalency
midwifery~obstétrique
surveying~arpentage
barbershop's~salon de barbier de
scarfed~scarfed
emaciating~emaciating
allied~allié
kale's~le chou frisé de
OS's~OS
Sherman~Sherman
aspiration's~aspiration de
Alison~Alison
recommendation~recommandation
vesting's~acquisition des droits de
divests~divests
filleted~filleted
tossed~ballottés
jennet~genet
unadvised~imprudent
mason's~maçon
wildfires~les incendies de forêt
radiotelegraphy~radiotélégraphie
Banting~Banting
carnality's~de carnality
unfix~détacher
epochal~epochal
layer~couche
nonseasonal~non saisonnière
Leicester~Leicester
Cheops~Cheops
circled~encerclée
teetotalism's~de teetotalism
charmed~charmé
rapidness's~de rapidness
tailcoat's~frac de
putsches~putschs
calculi~lithiase
invalidating~invalidantes
Everglades's~Everglades de
straight~tout droit
logger's~enregistreur de
splodge~splodge
finagle~finagle
bedraggled~débraillé
veejays~veejays
towboat's~de towboat
gourmand~gourmand
monograph~monographie
junket's~Années junket
reprogram~reprogrammez
Unitarian~Unitaire
medication~des médicaments
undauntedly~intrépidement
overwrites~écrasements
Guyana~Guyane
Libyans~Libyens
saxophone~saxophone
instar~larvaire
Rhodesia's~Rhodésie du
wonkiest~wonkiest
chip's~chips
deactivated~deactivated
applicant~demandeur
bibles~bibles
bellyache's~bellyache de
OHSA's~LSST de
murder's~meurtres
riskiness~risque
housing~logement
countless~countless
Ithaca~Ithaca
Helmholtz~Helmholtz
savoured~savouré
Yukon~Yukon
meanies~Meanies
discernibly~discernibly
filly's~filly's
biochemist's~de biochimiste
checkpoint's~poste de contrôle de
chevaliers~Chevaliers
Accra~Accra
Severn~Severn
Talley~Talley
tension~tension
blusterer's~bravache de
Blackshirt~Chemise noire
covenants~covenants
farmland's~farmland's
meticulously~méticuleusement
realism~le réalisme
yearning~aspiration
midsection's~de section médiane
putsch's~de putschistes
spuriously~spuriously
resprays~re-pulvérisation
casuistry's~de casuistique
homeboys~homeboys
Mfume~Mfume
peacock's~paon de
slapping~claques
lab~laboratoire
orderly~ordonné
backstretch~ligne droite arrière
brushing~brossage
Lynn's~Lynn
Maud~Maud
Crows~Corbeaux
meteor~météore
WY~Wyoming
confraternities~confréries
workshy~workshy
credulousness~credulousness
Pomeranian~poméranien
officeholder~titulaire de charge
McCarthy's~McCarthy
whooping~cris
chattier~Chartier
Nobelist~lauréat du prix Nobel
Hung's~Hung
gawks~gawks
protozoan's~Années protozoaire
acrostic's~de acrostiches
waybill~récépissé
galvanised~galvanised
Elul~Elul
semifinalist's~demi-finaliste de
hopscotched~hopscotched
glibly~glibly
carrion~charogne
franc's~franc's
NH~New Hampshire
underscored~a souligné
leverage~influence
bugger~salaud
zippy~plein d'allant
saxifrages~saxifrages
executrix~executrix
peristyles~péristyles
volubility's~de volubilité
gainsaid~gainsaid
tomboy~garçon manqué
ignominiously~ignominieusement
adjacency's~de contiguïté
swansong~chant du cygne
judgeship~judicature
seas~mers
McKinney~McKinney
rapidness~rapidness
veggie~veggie
Humphrey's~Humphrey
filches~filches
Ty~Ty
panhandling~la mendicité
shippers~expéditeurs
falsehood's~falsehood's
hammerlock's~hammerlock's
interplay~réciproque
acidly~aigrement
discountenancing~discountenancing
Nation~Nation
unbalances~balourds
carafe's~Années carafes
Cornish~cornouaillais
adeptness~adeptness
haunters~haunters
legatee's~de légataire
vitriol's~de vitriol
daffiness's~daffiness's
ancestry's~ascendance de
bars~barres
diphthong~diphthong
Ingrid's~Ingrid
appropriately~de manière appropriée
Micheal~Micheal
novae~novae
Monroe's~Monroe
hang~hang
wright~wright
blabs~blabs
vehicle~véhicule
Nb's~Nb de
thwacked~thwacked
sneakiest~sneakiest
crematoriums~crematoriums
Lagos's~Lagos années
numbness~engourdissement
glacial~glacial
postdate~postdater
condominium~condominium
Coppertone~Coppertone
unclogs~désincruste
speckling~mouchetures
TV's~téléviseurs
avoidable~évitable
viewing's~de visualisation
Riddle~énigme
carbon's~carbone de
cashing~cashing
bigheartedness's~bigheartedness de
cribber's~cribber's
passing~qui passe
groomers~groomers
enchanted~enchanted
downward~downward
rejoice~réjouir
Iapetus's~Japet de
anthropological~anthropologique
truncheon~matraque
furtherance's~furtherance's
cattiness's~de rosserie
stenographer's~sténographe de
crosswalk~crosswalk
piggyback's~ferroutage de
foamed~foamed
salines~Salines
zooms~zoom
reactivated~réactivée
sprinter's~sprinter de
sarsaparilla~salsepareille
freak's~freak's
regained~retrouvé
reapplications~réapplications
curtness's~curtness's
clematises~clématites
dragons~dragons
grandstand's~grandstand's
Christine~Christine
ruin~se ruiner
sellotaped~sellotaped
asthmatics~asthmatique
annihilators~annihilateurs
composing~composition
refreshes~rafraîchit
gropers~gropers
duelled~duelled
yuckier~yuckier
retentiveness~retentivité
gully~gully
triteness's~de trivialité
Hanna's~Hanna
portrayal's~représentation de
presided~présidé
Gaziantep's~gaziantep de
messenger~Messager
repentantly~repentantly
schoolyards~cours d'école
nonstructural~non structurale
sportsperson~sportsperson
Datamation~Datamation
Anglicanism's~de l'anglicanisme
ridden~monté
solitaire's~solitaire de
blame~faire des reproches
foretold~foretold
strewing~dispersion
precept~précepte
consubstantiation's~consubstantiation's
Lacy~De dentelle
croupiers~croupiers
plaints~plaintes
speculate~spéculer
Fullerton~Fullerton
Amundsen's~Amundsen
enhancer~enhancer
McCray~McCray
nonviolence~La non-violence
measure's~les mesures
corruption's~corruption's
swagger~fanfaron
overselling~survente
unladylike~unladylike
aunties~aunties
bungle~bousiller
scrims~mousselines
credo's~credo's
headwords~headwords
cardsharps~Tricheurs
shattered~brisé
rowers~rowers
Antarctica~Antarctique
senility's~de la sénilité
fixer's~fixer's
inflections~flexions
postures~postures
oviduct's~de oviducte
outperforms~surclasse
farthings~farthings
brochure's~brochure de
Lepus's~lepus de
millisecond~milliseconde
enchant~enchant
middlebrow's~middlebrow de
cosmopolitan~cosmopolitan
anticipates~anticipe
disfranchisement~disfranchisement
rechartering~rechartering
renew~renouveler
logins~logins
Bette's~Bette
outrigger~outrigger
Florence~Florence
vixens~renardes
Percy~Percy
affixing~apposition
fluttery~fluttery
clubfoot~pied bot
Thaddeus's~Thaddeus de
December's~décembre de
chokes~bobines d'arrêt
trumpet~trompette
radarscopes~écrans radar
schemes~régimes
Berzelius~Berzelius
whilom~whilom
Margret~Margret
Hialeah~Hialeah
kneader~pétrisseur
sabotaging~sabotages
auntie's~Auntie de
incorrectness~impropriété
tactlessness~indélicatesse
KY~KY
discomforts~discomforts
bootlegger's~bootlegger de
shirttail~shirttail
resultant~résultant
truces~trêves
welfare's~le bien-être de
lampoon~pamphlet
fatigued~fatigued
shellfishes~crustacés
refurnishing~Chrudim
calicoes~calicots
symptomatic~symptomatique
sainthood's~de sainteté
unrecorded~non enregistrée
sixteen~seize
tautness~tension
gouges~gouges
Dramamine~Dramamine
lecithin's~lécithine de
antipodes's~Années Antipodes
roadblocks~barrages routiers
abrogated~abrogé
piquing~piquing
meets~se rencontre
Randell's~Randell de
economies~economies
plaudits~applaudissements
floridly~floridly
sauciness's~de sauciness
months~mois
orbited~désorbité
hereabouts~par ici
sapphires~saphirs
anodynes~calmants
hybrid~hybride
genuine~genuine
poodle~caniche
DEA~brigade des stupéfiants
transept's~transept de
corrupting~corrupting
multifariousness's~multifariousness de
thymus's~thymus de
Habakkuk~Habacuc
manicurist~manucure
forums~forums
masonic~maçonnique
Col~Col
diversion's~diversion's
measles~rougeole
Pacific's~Pacifique de
mufti's~mufti années
chitchatted~chitchatted
Ali~Ali
unappreciative~unappreciative
blagged~blagged
reservedness's~reservedness de
obtrusion~intrusion
barkeeps~barkeeps
pogrom~pogrom
touchdown's~touché de
millionaire~millionnaire
butte~Butte
pinched~pincé
harmful~harmful
REIT~FPI
Benson's~Benson
interest~intérêt
rubbishy~de pacotille
libels~libelles
attests~atteste
Nobelist's~lauréat du prix Nobel de
Charlottetown's~CHARLOTTETOWN
Cowper's~Cowper
impellers~impulseurs
Passion~La passion
fearful~fearful
scarper~Scarper
Tokugawa's~Tokugawa de
toady's~flagorneur de
doubloons~doubloons
Andorrans~Andorrans
firewater~firewater
bodybuilders~culturistes
polarity~polarité
hearer~auditeur
gestalts~gestalts
psalm's~Psalm de
nobbled~nobbled
conservationists~protecteurs de la nature
sketch's~croquis de
tiredness~fatigue
backfields~backfields
Yahweh's~Yahweh
commingled~amalgamés
remapping~remappant
gallium's~gallium's
intercourse~rapports
musketeer~mousquetaire
interrupt's~interruption de
transform's~se transforme
contriteness~contriteness
Algiers~Alger
certificate~certificat
Seminole's~Seminole de
unwearied~unwearied
Tommie~Tommie
Kenyatta's~Kenyatta de
mewling~miaulement
luminary~astre
caesuras~césures
adjustment~ajustement
flight's~flight's
chub's~Années méné
Javas~Javas
appendectomy~appendicectomie
Juno's~Juno de
Bahamian's~Années bahamiens
Spokane~Spokane
Handel~Handel
scones~scones
egoistically~egoistically
griping~griping
overextending~faire trop
Secretariat's~Secrétariat de
grocer~grocer
Pindar's~Pindare de
misreads~erreurs de lecture
skyscraper~gratte-ciel
enshrinement~enshrinement
recyclable's~Matières recyclables
Hamburgs~Hamburgs
motivations~motivations
huddle's~pêle-mêle de
disarm~disarm
Jacky~Jacky
populousness's~populousness de
tallboy's~Grands garçons
locale~lieu
patrician~patricien
omnibus~omnibus
untruthfulness's~de untruthfulness
overgrowth~surcroissance
brutal~brutal
pronominal~pronominal
gesticulations~gesticulations
masque~mascarade
sunsets~couchers de soleil
sin~péché
fattest~fattest
airports~aéroports
barracuda~barracuda
anchorperson~anchorperson
philatelic~philatélique
nonfattening~nonfattening
claimants~demandeurs
masques~mascarades
minesweeper's~démineur de
muff's~Muff de
iceboats~bateaux à glace
fog~fog
duck~duck
A~UNE
senor~senor
subcompact~sous-compacte
Sergio's~Sergio de
danged~danged
protrusile~protrusile
sandpits~sablières
Clarendon~Clarendon
intrude~s'immiscer dans
grosgrain's~grosgrain's
Serena~Serena
offend~offenser
clubfeet~pied bot
warden's~années warden
snuggle's~Snuggle de
pix's~pix de
Noumea's~Nouméa de
Gabriel's~Gabriel
teleprinter~téléscripteur
sisal~sisal
auras~auras
cabin~cabine
lignite~lignite
Nichols~Nichols
antiseptic~antiseptique
agglomerates~agglomérats
Maiman~Maiman
restlessly~sans répit
Borglum's~Borglum de
stole~a volé
tendering~appel d'offres
Frisian's~Années frisons
forwardness~forwardness
Hollie's~Hollie de
lavage's~lavage de
Jacobean~jacobin
repast~repas
ghettos~ghettos
farming's~farming's
unemotionally~unemotionally
readied~prépara
Lieberman's~Lieberman
wolf~Loup
hollowing~creusage
Disney~Disney
flange's~flange's
adventured~aventurés
sweater~chandail
scented~parfumé
shoplifts~vol à l'étalage
teammate~son coéquipier
repairs~réparations
quadruped~quadrupède
Graffias's~Années Graffias
internalises~internalise
Vichy~Vichy
pashas~pachas
ceramic's~céramique
reunification's~réunification de
slandering~diffamation
Jenner~Jenner
quashes~la révoque
constellations~constellations
reporting~rapports
voicelessly~sans voix
rarer~plus rare
flouting~flouting
affiliate's~filiale de
wombat's~Années wombat
augmenter's~Années increase
brooder's~éleveuse de
Mercuries~mercures
Genaro's~Genaro de
bipolar~bipolaire
rough~rugueux
bioethics's~de la bioéthique
firmer~firmer
Brownian~brownien
balboa~balboa
Dalian~Dalian
IRA's~IRA
wormwood's~Années armoise
normalised~normalisée
treys~treys
hotfoot's~Années Hotfoot
classically~classiquement
borderlines~borderlines
succinctest~succinctest
hex~hex
Floridian's~floridien de
crossfires~crossfires
heterodox~hétérodoxe
promptest~une manière aussi rapide
Bernie~Bernie
incredibility's~invraisemblance de
exfoliates~exfoliates
bureaucratically~bureaucratiquement
Antofagasta's~Antofagasta de
propagator~propagateur
answered~répondu
Bootes's~Années Bootes
besmirches~salit
pocketed~empochée
adducing~alléguant
mutilators~mutilateurs
sleep~dormir
available~disponible
dactyl~dactyl
renovations~rénovations
baptiser~baptiseur
pension's~de pension
manacled~menottée
functionalism~functionalism
aversion's~l'aversion de
regurgitated~régurgité
utilisable~utilisable
opponent~adversaire
articular~articulaire
enriching~enriching
Karl's~de Karl
foresight~foresight
amendment's~l'amendement proposé par
flow~flow
demystified~demystified
Sumatran's~sumatran de
hatchway~écoutille
gawped~gawped
parallaxes~parallaxes
midwifing~midwifing
scrimshaws~scrimshaws
enervated~enervated
pampas~pampa
advisers~conseillers
tightness~raideur
raged~fait rage
wail~lamenter
antiquaries~antiquaires
happened~happened
forefinger's~forefinger's
steroid~stéroïde
Marquis's~Marquis de
proposed~proposé
copperhead~copperhead
acuteness~acuité
ole~ole
camouflage~camouflage
yelling~en hurlant
nephew~neveu
management's~la gestion de
underclassmen~underclassmen
Levesque's~Levesque de
sporadically~de façon sporadique
fistula~fistula
parting's~séparation de
whisked~fouetté
tympanum~tympan
modifiable~modifiable
mendacity's~de mensonge
titillated~émoustillé
Reggie's~Reggie
placekicking~placekicking
teal's~sarcelle de
Vila~Vila
overgeneralise~overgeneralise
Ieyasu~Ieyasu
Bowery's~Bowery de
exoplanet~exoplanet
morphological~morphologique
repugnance's~répugnances de
melodious~mélodieux
performance~performance
Trappist's~trappiste de
rerecording~ré-enregistrement
trawler's~chalutier de
wassails~wassails
snowdrop~perce-neige
javelins~javelots
plastered~beurré
inaugurate~inaugurer
Crockett's~Crockett
fuels~fuels
senors~senors
horsehair's~crins de
pharynx~pharynx
horological~horlogères
rhinestones~strass
NSF~NSF
dolefulness's~dolefulness's
Loren's~Loren de
hostessed~hostessed
Wisconsin's~du Wisconsin
conciliated~concilié
Falasha's~Falashas de
Numbers~Nombres
uneatable~immangeable
rehabilitative~réadaptation
stallholders~stallholders
tingle~picotement
swag's~de butin
tepidly~tièdement
gemmology's~gemmology's
woolly~laineux
puny~chétif
Technicolor's~Technicolor de
individuals~personnes
oxford's~oxford de
wherewithal~moyens
veal~veau
onomatopoeia's~Années onomatopée
flibbertigibbet's~flibbertigibbet's
daylong~daylong
soars~monte en flèche
misfeasance's~de prévarication
fends~fends
gorillas~gorillas
alacrity's~de alacrité
rife~répandu
microseconds~microsecondes
eulogised~eulogised
Pygmies~Pygmées
cumulus~cumulus
devoutness~devoutness
sicked~sicked
agilely~agilement
prostration~prostration
osculation's~de embrassade
phoneys~faux jetons
looses~desserre
experiential~experiential
fuddle's~fuddle's
experimentation~experimentation
construction's~la construction de
Lucas~Lucas
ET~ET
Alphard's~Alphard de
hydrolysing~hydrolyser
moulders~mouleurs
Huguenot~Huguenot
commissariat's~de intendance
geodesy's~geodesy's
Nile~Nil
neoprene~néoprène
tribunal's~tribunal de
eyepieces~eyepieces
periodontist~parodontiste
authorise~autoriser
Kodachrome~Kodachrome
hones~Hones
pulling~tirant
singularities~singularites
bluegill's~crapet de
Fresno~Fresno
corsair's~corsair's
Carthage's~Carthage de
notepaper~notepaper
flouncy~flouncy
Kerri's~Kerri de
utilitarian's~de utilitaire
lancers~Lancers
spoilsports~empêcheurs
Rico~Rico
scatty~farfelu
gnashed~gnashed
surplice~surplis
colouration~coloration
Citibank~Citibank
aspects~aspects
transacts~effectue une opération
ladylove~ladylove
mischievousness's~de espièglerie
crusade's~crusade's
Oakley~Oakley
baggie's~sac en plastique de
peasantry's~paysannerie de
hubbubs~brouhahas
glaciation~glaciation
chard's~blettes de
some~certains
snorter~snorter
earnest~earnest
shapes~formes
unmounted~démonté
mete~infliger
dementia~dementia
Vietnamese~vietnamien
dorms~dorms
torchlight~aux flambeaux
persisting~persistant
Oersted's~Oersted de
crackly~crackly
strum~gratter
gaiety's~gaiety's
coke's~coke de
squirmy~squirmy
kayoed~kayoed
cockerel~jeune coq
readjust~réadapter
synthesised~synthétisé
breeziness's~de désinvolture
Cheetos~Cheetos
injustice~injustice
pointiest~pointiest
boor~rustre
haulage's~de transport
priming~amorçage
augury~augure
skinflint's~radin de
scrunches~scrunches
fanzines~fanzines
obscenely~vulgairement
Custer~Custer
transmissible~transmissible
miaowed~miaowed
secretly~secrètement
scrogs~scrogs
crassness's~crassness's
stagger's~titubant de
Frankenstein~Frankenstein
cloy~perdre son charme
orthodoxy~orthodoxie
wabbit~Wabbit
genitive's~genitive's
duellist's~duellist's
sneeze's~éternuement de
deep's~deep's
Serb's~serbe de
peen's~peen de
dessertspoonfuls~dessertspoonfuls
Schwartz~Schwartz
Corteses~Corteses
cosmetician's~cosmetician's
skimpiest~skimpiest
copperheads~copperheads
beef~du boeuf
solemnisation~solennisation
Elbe~Elbe
firer's~firer's
wooer~prétendant
overexercised~overexercised
grouse~grouse
vanguard~avant-garde
Silurian~silurien
memento~mémento
ambush's~embuscade de
secretarial~de secrétariat
puttees~molletières
that's~c'est
sheetlike~lamellaire
redoubtably~redoubtably
nimbi~nimbes
database~database
another~un autre
minimalist's~minimaliste de
appendage~appendice
hieroglyphics~hiéroglyphes
paroled~liberté conditionnelle
Jungfrau~Jungfrau
poppas~Poppas
advt~advt
exhibited~exhibited
entitlements~entitlements
caricatures~caricatures
whatsits~whatsits
cruiser's~cruiser's
sent~envoyé
recompenses~recompenses
nerving~nerving
nobleness~noblesse
craftily~craftily
cuss~cuss
ambulances~ambulances
Bunsen's~Bunsen
pkwy~pkwy
reparation's~réparations
sere~flétri
pompous~pompeux
demoing~demoing
ambassadresses~ambassadrices
monetises~monétise
clairvoyance~voyance
RNA~ARN
unicellular~unicellulaire
Guyana's~Guyane de
rehires~réembauches
impairment~détérioration
Seleucus~Séleucus
kinship~parenté
scintilla~Scintilla
physicians~médecins
Spahn~Spahn
Wilda~Wilda
microbial~microbienne
frivolities~frivolities
mart~marché
rage~rage
increasingly~de plus en plus
Pierrot~Pierrot
modernised~modernisé
muggle's~moldu de
cleft's~fente de
handouts~handouts
mahatma's~mahatma de
unreformed~unreformed
quixotically~quixotically
Quixotism~Donquichottisme
sebum~sébum
reorienting~réorientant
maximum~maximum
Layla's~Layla
Dotson~Dotson
negatives~négatifs
beanbag's~sacs de fèves
weekending~fin de semaine
FM~FM
artichokes~artichauts
advantageously~avantageusement
REM's~REM
Oxus's~Oxus de
Biscayne~Biscayne
lethargically~léthargique
republicans~républicains
silently~silencieusement
excreting~excreting
quarto~in-quarto
resistances~résistances
trashcan's~poubelles
Ch'in~Menton
repertory's~répertoire de
overcrowding's~de la surpopulation
withheld~retenu
informed~informé
palliation~palliatif
interdict's~interdit de
rainbow's~arcs en ciel
Chevrolet~Chevrolet
eels~eels
reasoning's~Le raisonnement de
inquiries~enquêtes
carpus's~Années carpus
BBB~BBB
tours~Tours
bastardy~bâtardise
initialling~paraphée
silencing~silence
dads~dads
pikestaffs~pikestaffs
gangrene's~gangrene's
citing~citant
hornless~hornless
Turkmenistan~Turkménistan
huddles~recroqueville
Lipscomb's~Lipscomb de
wispiest~wispiest
earwax~earwax
veneer's~de placage de
interpretation's~interprétation de
pension~Pension
tenderheartedness's~attendrissement de
Valeria's~Valeria de
seismic~sismique
exoticism's~exoticism's
tense~tendu
Bengali's~bengali de
ti's~ti de
forefinger~forefinger
cuckolds~cuckolds
bun~chignon
chloroform's~de chloroforme
canonisations~canonisations
glasshouses~glasshouses
eating~eating
Severus~Sévère
retailer~détaillant
offloaded~débarquée
background~Contexte
diffuseness's~diffuseness's
windflower~anémone
doctoring~doctoring
Sacramento~Sacramento
conflicted~conflictuel
Tabernacle's~Tabernacle de
rhodium~rhodium
concatenated~concaténés
burrower~fouisseur
fantasying~fantasying
molasses~mélasse
reprehensibility~répréhensible
drench~drench
Saladin's~Saladin
disappears~disappears
tombstones~pierres tombales
hairpiece's~hairpiece's
internalise~intérioriser
neckbands~neckbands
Eu's~eu ce
thigh~cuisse
lowlander's~de Lowlander
Irwin's~Irwin
zit~zit
manger~crèche
Mohammad~Mohammad
Bergman's~Bergman
Escherichia~escherichia
intrepidly~intrépidement
stormily~tumultueusement
prostrated~prosterné
pendant's~pendentif de
empathises~empathises
octet~octuor
telecommunication's~télécommunications de
disconnection's~disconnection's
uncombined~uncombined
Technicolor~Technicolor
lowdown~verité
Sykes~Sykes
pinions~pignons
windshields~pare-brise
patsy's~Patsy
premature~prématuré
paroling~libération conditionnelle
sketchy~vague
unsays~unsays
blubbered~blubbered
studding's~de bonnettes
yammered~yammered
colossus~colosse
inaudibly~inaudiblement
sportingly~très sportivement
thousandth~millième
frag~frag
jeans~jeans
programmatic~programmatique
distributor's~distributor's
born~née
dabbler~dabbler
parallelograms~parallélogrammes
subsistence's~subsistance de
covering~covering
visor's~pare-soleil de
legislated~légiféré
remix~remix
submissions~soumissions
idiocy's~idiotie de
untimelier~untimelier
stooges~larbins
concept's~notion de
printers~imprimantes
steamfitter~tuyauteur
bleat~bêler
ventriloquy's~ventriloquie de
Ken~Ken
tethers~longes
negate~nier
maelstroms~maelstroms
iris~iris
impiously~impiété
conundrum~conundrum
luminaries~sommités
blot~tache
misdirection's~de directives erronées
fortifications~fortifications
alternator's~alternateur de
pocking~Pöcking
associating~l'association
unethical~immoral
Ore~Minerai
drumlins~drumlins
gruffer~gruffer
Weinberg~weinberg
rebinds~reliaisons
bauxite's~la bauxite
paparazzi's~paparazzi de
corollaries~corollaries
confide~confier
shadowbox~shadowbox
Sikorsky's~Sikorsky de
rotters~rotters
Alvaro~Alvaro
theodolites~théodolites
timpanists~timbaliers
spacier~spacier
ensign's~ensign's
betake~betake
battler's~Battler de
codependency~codépendance
minty~Minty
classwork's~Années travail en classe
amaranth's~amaranth
puce~puce
gadfly~gadfly
Morita's~Morita de
rueful~triste
mitigating~circonstances atténuantes
jocundly~jocundly
keyboard~clavier
Xi'an~Xi'an
Templar's~Templiers de
Aspen~Tremble
glummer~glummer
Cora~Cora
Champollion~Champollion
Stella~Stella
scared~effrayé
Somoza's~Somoza de
levees~levers
thunderclouds~nuages ​​d'orage
microsurgery's~de microchirurgie
reapportions~à une redistribution
woodsiest~woodsiest
hastiness~précipitation
Netzahualcoyotl~Netzahualcoyotl
stages~étapes
electromagnetic~electromagnetic
Dzungaria~Dzoungarie
desperate~desperate
argument~argument
Confucianism's~confucianisme de
leaf~feuille
topological~topologique
subsets~sous-ensembles
Paine~Paine
versifying~versifier
consumptive~consumptive
minimalism's~minimalisme de
imperiousness~impérieuse
rational's~Rational
apparatchiks~apparatchik
sacrificing~sacrifier
dervishes~dervishes
spookier~spookier
regenerate~régénérer
iPhone~iPhone
notional~notionnel
PLO~OLP
unemployed's~de chômeurs
piggy's~cochon de
newsdealers~marchands de journaux
empiricists~empiricists
countenances~countenances
retook~ont repris
futile~futile
deploring~deploring
Gillespie's~Gillespie
genuflection~genuflection
creamers~creamers
adverts~Annonces
derringers~derringers
breading~panure
satanical~satanique
countermanding~countermanding
Olivier~Olivier
cape~cap
Goodwin's~Goodwin
nomad's~les nomades
misnamed~misnamed
Elmo's~Elmo
Alberio's~Alberio de
stickiness's~de adhésivité
pickets~piquets de grève
superstar's~superstar de
invaluable~inestimable
ANSI~ANSI
Alfonzo's~Alfonzo de
ROM's~ROM
fine~fine
Dell's~Dell
shirred~froncé
noncompeting~non concurrentiel
approaches~approches
airs~airs
restructuring~restructuration
junkers~junkers
Atacama~Atacama
decadent's~decadent's
pleasures~les plaisirs
mascaras~mascaras
captains~capitaines
horrible~horrible
programmer~programmeur
exertion~exertion
dedicates~dedicates
blurriness~blurriness
roached~voussé
fortress's~fortress's
armour~armure
Abbasid's~abbasside de
fancywork~fancywork
entomologist~entomologist
pointillist~pointilliste
footstool's~footstool's
analysand~analysand
turtledove's~tourterelles
drams~drams
tulip's~tulipe de
prickliest~prickliest
officer's~oFFICIER
Macedonian's~macédonien de
peseta's~Années peseta
IBM's~IBM
equestrienne's~equestrienne's
unfasten~détacher
bents~palées
mutton~viande de mouton
unsightliness's~inesthétique de
gaunt~gaunt
Ohio's~Ohio en
mopiest~mopiest
resale's~la revente de
Hamilton~Hamilton
meditative~méditatif
coincidences~coïncidences
cuisine's~cuisine's
sellers~les vendeurs
Auden's~Auden de
windsock~windsock
Shana's~Shana de
lounger~fainéant
celluloid~celluloïd
pauperising~paupérisante
incoming~nouveau
winos~ivrognes
nonresidential~non résidentiel
foresightedness~foresightedness
Larson~Larson
ulcer~ulcère
Shankara~Shankara
incisor~incisive
grabby~grabby
ingrate's~de mécréant
psst~psst
snoozing~somnoler
Afghan's~afghane de
suffice~suffire
hillside~flanc de coteau
dysfunction~dysfunction
drivers~drivers
diva~diva
Oaxaca's~Oaxaca de
jaw~mâchoire
upscale~haut de gamme
mooned~Mooned
nebulousness's~nébulosité de
platinum~platine
Azores~Açores
yuppie's~de yuppie
superintended~surveilla
Rockwell~Rockwell
blur~brouiller
xenophobia's~la xénophobie de
superfluity~surabondance
simpler~plus simple
floodlighting~floodlighting
maniac's~maniac de
washing~la lessive
vigilance's~la vigilance de
Ernesto~Ernesto
crones~crones
plasterer~plâtrier
ks~ks
blink~cligner
desideratum's~desideratum's
redhead's~les Rousses
Sedna's~Sedna de
judiciousness's~de sagace
cajolement~cajolement
warrior~guerrier
wilfulness's~de préméditation
dollars~dollars
companions~compagnons
boor's~rustre de
nautically~nautically
ferocity's~ferocity's
somersaults~galipettes
lighter's~briquet
Orwell~Orwell
beleaguered~aux abois
parenthesised~parenthesised
blobbing~blobbing
players~joueurs
cavalries~cavaleries
Erna~Erna
girds~girds
concessionaire's~concessionnaire de
Parthenon~Parthénon
gassiest~gassiest
violoncello~violoncelle
unobserved~inobservé
shenanigans~manigances
thwacker~thwacker
turpitude~turpitude
cannibalistic~cannibalistique
phreaking~phreaking
Apocrypha~Apocryphes
Santeria~Santeria
institutions~institutions
nurse's~infirmières
reproofing~imperméabilisant
Rodriquez~Rodriquez
typology~typologie
succession~Succession
skittle~quille
woodwork's~de travail du bois
anti~anti
crankier~crankier
peduncle~pédoncule
chatterers~causeurs
peekaboo~coucou
survivalists~survivalistes
gathers~gathers
arguing~argumentant
Ukrainians~Ukrainiens
reenact~rejouer
legislate~légiférer
cemetery's~cimetière du
emancipator~emancipator
tilapia~tilapia
urethane's~uréthane de
newspeak~novlangue
segregationist~ségrégationniste
testaments~Testaments
Antipas's~Années Antipas
stencil's~pochoir de
surrealistic~surréaliste
veeps~veeps
Norplant~Norplant
zinnias~zinnias
traipse's~traipse de
oohed~oohed
worldliest~worldliest
reinterpretation's~réinterprétation de
torching~incendier
urologists~urologues
tipples~tipples
southwest~sud-ouest
outfields~outfields
clover~trèfle
Lexington~Lexington
unkindly~unkindly
trapeze's~trapèze de
venting~ventilation
ferrying~ferrying
slaughter~abattage
shellacked~shellacked
Cantabrigian~Cantabrigian
operatives~agents
federalism~federalism
derogatory~derogatory
trundle~roulette
wallows~Bauges
throughout~tout au long de
Argos~Argos
musculature~musculature
Stacey's~Stacey
stagnated~stagnent
backpacker's~rANDONNEUR
pork~porc
Kendra's~Kendra de
jawbreakers~jawbreakers
hexagon~hexagone
copious~copious
downloadable~downloadable
guttural~guttural
eligible~eligible
backwash's~Années multivoies
Brubeck~Brubeck
remembrances~souvenirs
pentathlete~pentathlète
smeary~smeary
desecrate~desecrate
philanthropy~philanthropie
phi's~phi de
fungi~fungi
dilettantes~dilettantes
Galibi~Galibi
Smith's~Smith
longitude~longitude
westernise~occidentaliser
Patel~Patel
nectarine~nectarine
drove's~drove's
reiterations~réitérations
collectivists~collectivistes
shinnied~shinnied
Cu's~Cu de
barefooted~pieds nus
whimper's~pleurnicherie de
diorama's~diorama's
transmigrates~transmigre
documentary~documentary
poaching's~braconnage de
Confucians~confucéens
jumble's~pêle-mêle de
posy's~posy de
focally~focally
Delacroix~Delacroix
french~french
Mahayana~Mahayana
Pentateuch~Pentateuque
microlights~ultralégers
aced~ACED
fastidiousness~fastidiousness
blades~lames
ungulate's~ongulés de
cycle~cycle
undershoots~sous-modulations
grudged~grudged
fracking~fracking
Verlaine's~Verlaine
BitTorrent's~BitTorrent de
Shell~coquille
brush's~brosse de
conspire~conspirer
gummiest~gummiest
urology's~Urologie de
scimitar~cimeterre
Duse~Duse
estimator's~estimator's
signalled~signalé
fourteen's~fourteen's
liberties~libertés
Hammond~Hammond
Formosan~Formose
underseas~underseas
injector's~injecteur de
stepladder~escabeau
privately~en privé
yawning~bâillement
mainstay~pilier
solaced~consolé
Lord's~Seigneur
domesticated~domesticated
Leticia's~Leticia de
plots~parcelles
thermometer's~thermomètre années
Brandenburg~Brandenburg
puckered~froncée
potherbs~herbes potagères
waggishly~waggishly
steak's~Steak
nonrefillable~Nonrefillable
attorney's~Avocats
fetlock's~fetlock's
dweller's~dweller's
rhombus's~Le losange
Philippians~Philippiens
cardholder~titulaire de la carte
Dutchman~Hollandais
wallowed~vautrent
champagnes~champagnes
riverbank~berge de rivière
tanbark's~tannée de
turnout~s'avérer
clenches~clenches
profile~profil
organisational~organisationnel
loath~répugnant
gnash's~gnash's
dunderhead~dunderhead
Novembers~Novembers
dateline~dateline
scrapings~raclures
bedsit~studio
rial's~rial de
wimpiest~wimpiest
dodders~dodders
perfectibility's~de perfectibilité
carved~sculpté
sabotage~sabotage
fresco's~fresco's
revering~vénérant
Scotch~scotch
upshot~résultat
theist's~de théiste
commonness's~de commonness
ogles~Ogles
failings~failings
outputted~en sortie
sleepwalker's~de somnambule
liberalisations~libéralisations
andante's~andante de
Python~Python
frequenters~frequenters
Jew's~Les Juifs
trikes~trikes
hooding~capotage
oxtails~queues de boeuf
outposts~avant-postes
Damien~Damien
garrulousness~garrulousness
Burmese~birman
manor's~manoir de
microaggression~microaggression
disillusion's~disillusion's
minks~vison
racehorses~chevaux de course
stinkbugs~punaises
beelines~beelines
Alyce's~Alyce de
Gracchus~Gracchus
pocks~pustules
Sega's~Sega
cosmopolitan's~cosmopolitan's
baronet~baronnet
guvnors~guvnors
adverseness~adverseness
yeast's~levure de
krona~Krona
firers~firers
reoccupation's~de réoccupation
Batista's~Batista
pragmatical~pragmatique
hypertrophied~hypertrophié
carollers~carollers
debased~debased
insulation's~isolation de
differentiated~differentiated
chairlift's~télésiège de
preventive's~de prévention
repossessing~reprendre possession
voided~annulé
tattie~tattie
runaround~courir autour
Arnulfo's~Arnulfo de
starters~entrées
disunion's~disunion's
chlamydiae~chlamydiae
scullery~arrière-cuisine
Dniester~Dniestr
poetaster's~rimailleur de
amatory~amoureux
Cuchulain~Cûchulainn
respell~Réorthographier
titillatingly~titillatingly
vagrant's~errante de
oiliness's~onctuosité de
Gauguin~Gauguin
deceit's~deceit's
calibrator's~calibrateur de
dieresis's~dieresis's
grindstone~grindstone
sandhogs~Sandhogs
precipitated~précipité
sultanas~sultanes
bandmaster's~bandmaster de
vertigo~vertige
swim's~bain des
coxes~coxes
lunge's~mouvement brusque de
relocated~délocalisé
womanhood's~de la condition féminine
sweep's~balayage de
eateries~eateries
broadcasters~diffuseurs
structured~structuré
Troy~Troy
vizier~vizir
Rumsfeld's~Rumsfeld
fancy's~fancy's
unappetising~unappetising
repayment~remboursement
trivialising~banalisant
gavotte's~gavotte's
raffishness's~de raffishness
eagle~eagle
stomped~piétiné
visitant's~Années Visitant
genomes~genomes
profusion's~profusion de
vestal~vestale
Morales~Morales
limiters~limitateurs
allocations~allocations
phosphorus~phosphore
Maharashtra's~Maharashtra de
cumin's~cumin's
fudged~fudged
pilling~boulochage
coherence's~de cohérence
streptococcus~streptocoque
Byers's~Années Byers
numismatic~numismatique
limbers~limbers
knelled~knelled
softhearted~softhearted
perversion's~la perversion de
stout's~stout
yip~Yip
sisterliness's~sisterliness de
mulatto~mulâtre
somersault~saut périlleux
subarea's~de sous-domaine
archive~archiver
previewers~previewers
concordat's~Concordat de
Houston~Houston
radiophone's~de radiophone
Sousa's~Sousa
loons~huards
apartments~appartements
breastfeeds~tétées
steampunk~steampunk
nourishment's~nutritif, l'alimentation
evidence's~evidence's
diurnal~diurnal
prick~piquer
archers~archers
grudge's~grudge's
calorie~calorie
Chadians~Tchadiens
softy's~softy de
indeterminately~pour une période indéterminée
lubed~Lubed
exhaustiveness~exhaustiveness
gent~gent
selling~vente
uncurl~aplanissez
collisions~collisions
corking~corking
palling~palling
homburg's~de Hombourg
hangnail's~hangnail's
US~NOUS
Perry~Poiré
Com~Com
convulsions~convulsions
songwriter~auteur compositeur
resolution~résolution
twaddling~twaddling
tuques~tuques
shriving~pénitences
Jamestown's~Jamestown de
effaces~effaces
prefixing~préfixant
Coloradans~Coloradans
whiplashes~whiplashes
baked~cuit
wallop~coup
CNS~CNS
tussocky~tussocky
casuist~casuiste
scissors~les ciseaux
consortium's~consortium de
hothouses~serres chaudes
Terpsichore's~Terpsichore de
selenography's~de sélénographie
collector's~collector
Spaniard~Espagnol
Mohawk~Mohawk
succour's~de secours
symbiosis~symbiose
finaglers~finaglers
gridlock~gridlock
misaddressed~adressée par erreur
terrazzo's~Années terrazzo
Aline's~Aline
triplet's~triplés
Snider's~Snider de
landlubber's~de marin d'eau douce
weepie~weepie
denotations~denotations
slowdown's~ralentissement de
wisecrack's~de wisecrack
gown's~gown's
kaolin~kaolin
leitmotiv's~Années leitmotiv
peon's~Années Peon
carpentry's~menuiserie de
tabbouleh's~taboulé de
calligraphist's~de calligraphe
Maura~Maura
burlap~toile à sac
cerebellum~cervelet
bipartisan~biparti
crematorium~crematorium
mnemonic~mnémonique
phaeton's~de Phaeton
octopus~poulpe
canisters~boîtes
fuddling~fuddling
firstborn's~firstborn's
baccy~baccy
zwieback's~biscottes de
ticklish~chatouilleux
lighter~plus léger
clonking~clonking
undesirably~non souhaitable
acoustically~acoustiquement
snuffbox's~tabatière de
regent~régent
extricates~extricates
calcareous~calcaire
threads~threads
heaven~paradis
goatskins~goatskins
transverse~transversal
lower~inférieur
autobahns~autobahn
missionary~missionnaire
coquetry's~coquetry's
coincidentally~coïncidence
judicially~judiciaire
animadverting~animadverting
Pawnee~Pawnee
Aurelio~Aurelio
Leo~Leo
stroke's~course de
spacers~espaceurs
disorganisation's~disorganisation's
tableland~haut plateau
nonreciprocal~non réciproque
credentialed~credentialed
terrapins~Terrapins
racketing~racket
harsh~dur
paunches~panses
wizards~assistants
moonshiner~moonshiner
incestuous~incestueux
disfavoured~disfavoured
severing~rupture
incidents~incidents
colluded~conspiré
Newark's~Newark de
colourisation~colorisation
ingratiate~ingratiate
pipits~pipits
illogicality's~de illogisme
Graceland~Graceland
strongman's~de l'homme fort
spoliation~spoliation
lamplight~lumière artificielle
contumelies~contumelies
melodramatics's~Années mélodrame
factotum~factotum
semantic~sémantique
sutler's~cantinier de
gendered~gendered
pituitary's~hypophysaire de
inhalers~inhalateurs
peachier~peachier
mystifying~mystifiant
nostalgia~nostalgie
seizes~s'empare
shameless~éhonté
phalanxes~phalanges
dashikis~dashikis
dormitory's~dormitory's
unleaded's~sans plomb de
northeastward~nord-est
evened~evened
conjunctivas~conjonctives
chordal~chordal
pummels~triture
Realtor's~Agent immobilier de
pitchmen~pitchmen
windmills~Moulins à vent
sexton's~sacristain de
leotards~justaucorps
Plasticine's~plasticine de
concertedly~concertée
Justinian's~Justinien de
brighter~lumineux
soothsayers~augures
returnee's~rapatriée de
abstruse~abstrus
midships~emménagements
hosanna~hosanna
soulful~attendrissant
Macon~Macon
hider~Hider
Georgia's~Géorgie de
soundproofs~insonorise
licensees~licenciés
discoing~discoing
simplistically~simplistes
Schulz~Schulz
Fiberglas's~Fibre de verre
Fraser~Fraser
motored~motored
pantywaist's~de pantywaist
gourmands~gourmands
pretence~prétexte
rededicate~rededicate
Kermit~Kermit
proliferation~prolifération
flute~flute
paradoxes~paradoxes
Vic's~Vic
yeshiva's~de yeshiva
accessorises~accessoirise
playacts~playacts
daredevils~daredevils
retrofire~retrofire
soggy~détrempé
misaligned~désaligné
moused~moused
contaminant~contaminant
Orphic's~orphique de
doltishness~doltishness
Edinburgh's~ÉDIMBOURG
imparts~confère
Enos's~Enos de
vases~vases
rigatoni's~Années rigatoni
Pol~Pol
pom~pom
tirelessness~infatigable
Aleut~aleut
overaggressive~overaggressive
drinker's~drinker's
threadbare~râpé
discombobulating~discombobulating
animal~animal
dietitians~dietitians
Seurat's~Seurat
lockets~lockets
good~good
mourned~pleurée
caparison's~Années Caparison
obstinately~obstinément
quaffed~burent
affluent~affluent
boxed~boxed
CPR's~CPR
craftier~craftier
paperboard~carton
deconstructionist~deconstructionist
foo~foo
pertinently~pertinemment
advertisements~annonces
Doris's~Doris de
obsolesces~obsolesces
Berra's~Berra de
obsequious~obséquieux
visionaries~visionnaires
sanctuary's~sanctuaire de
banters~badine
bloopers~bloopers
initialised~initialisées
mumps~oreillons
compelled~obligé
heirloom~héritage
Short's~Short
Alexandra's~Alexandra de
TELNETTed~TELNETTed
gabfest's~gabfest's
cruciform's~cruciform's
wholemeal~complet
dubbers~dubbers
wrist's~poignets
embolisation~embolisation
chariots~chariots
haemophiliacs~haemophiliacs
egomania~egomania
inadmissibility's~l'interdiction de territoire de
gears~gears
meetup~se rencontrer
housemistress~housemistress
welds~soudures
federalises~federalises
circuit~circuit
Haiti~Haïti
ovenbird's~Ovenbird de
culling~culling
pleasantry~plaisanterie
Peoria's~Années Peoria
devilled~devilled
dumpiness~dumpiness
deadwood~deadwood
shopkeeper~commerçant
destinies~destinies
yeoman~franc-tenancier
wavelet~ondelette
griminess~griminess
gasholder~gasholder
generic's~generic's
cosigns~cosigns
retrieving~récupération
dispatched~dispatched
slopes~pentes
anaesthesiologists~anesthésiologistes
undertone~voix basse
ineligible~inéligible
flails~flails
solvable~soluble
weasels~belettes
couture~couture
Nancy's~Nancy de
Siamese~Siamois
Rowling's~Rowling
breakables~cassables
alongside~aux côtés de
ta~ta
multilevel~multiniveaux
Sumter~Sumter
FAQ~FAQ
flammables~flammables
reamer~fraise
jigsawing~jigsawing
desecration's~desecration's
schnauzers~Schnauzer
pries~Pries
Inc~Inc
brats~mômes
strays~parasites
parallels~parallèles
budgetary~budgétaire
Ethiopians~Ethiopiens
Mk~mk
aligner~aligneur
ferule's~ferule's
dialysis's~dialysis's
Dominick~Dominick
essayists~essayists
sloven~souillon
eucalyptuses~eucalyptuses
hoist's~de levage
lastly~enfin
picked~choisi
stargaze~stargaze
escort~escort
dickers~dickers
blend~mélange
hooligans~hooligans
conniption's~de conniption
infects~infectes
hypocrisy's~l'hypocrisie de
Ottoman's~ottomane de
engorged~engorged
overlies~trouve au-dessus
emulsion~emulsion
glossing~glossing
Pavarotti's~Pavarotti de
tamperers~tamperers
splendorous~splendorous
resells~revend
Bekesy's~Bekesy de
agates~agates
tetra~tétra
naughtily~naughtily
dole's~dole's
retraction's~rétraction de
pseudy~pseudy
coincidental~coïncidente
webmaster~webmaster
primogeniture's~de primogéniture
impedance's~impédance de
preponderated~dominait
reacquired~réacquis
Ware's~Marchandises
Fowler~Chasseur
legerdemain's~prestidigitation de
floodgate~floodgate
movable~mobile
cores~cores
twilight's~crépuscule de
nonconvertible~non convertible
Dollie's~dollie de
gravelled~gravelled
Furtwangler~Furtwangler
admission~admission
microbrewery's~de microbrasserie
taken~pris
SSW~SSW
technicalities~aspects techniques
Pulitzer~Pulitzer
scruple's~de scrupule
ordnance's~munitions de
attach~attacher
privilege's~de privilège
Netherlander's~Netherlander de
eloquent~eloquent
Barbadians~Barbadiens
angelfishes~angelfishes
disfigurements~disfigurements
instil~insuffler
gulag~gulag
songfests~songfests
shiny~brillant
misconceives~méconnaît
Wald~Wald
impossibility~impossibilité
dittoing~dittoing
accomplishment's~accomplissement de
isle~île
badly~mal
portico's~portique de
Canadians~les Canadiens
permanency~permanence
cognacs~cognacs
Vandal~Vandale
lavage~lavage
Krebs's~années Krebs
sojourn's~séjour de
loathed~exécré
deflowers~deflowers
exchangeable~exchangeable
hypocritical~hypocrite
overate~overate
barres~Barrès
sacroiliac~sacroiliac
clxvii~clxvii
crybabies~crybabies
Damian~Damian
Aspell's~aspell de
catatonia's~catatonie de
Paderewski's~Paderewski de
retrain~recycler
meanie's~Années meanie
Rasalhague's~Rasalhague de
Navajoes~Navajoes
grogginess's~grogginess's
manatees~lamantins
tush~Tush
cheeseburger~cheeseburger
grits~grits
spiry~SPIRY
incrimination's~incrimination de
antiphon's~antienne de
Winchell~Winchell
cooperate~cooperate
infarction's~infarctus du
Purina~Purina
badinage's~de badinage
evolutionists~evolutionists
professor~professeur
lifeline~corde de sécurité
Omsk's~Omsk de
equerry's~equerry's
Shaun~Shaun
infanticides~infanticides
Bohr~Bohr
pessimistically~avec pessimisme
eeriness~eeriness
changelessly~changelessly
horseflesh~viande de cheval
installer's~installateur de
tabulators~tabulateurs
tetchier~tetchier
panoplies~panoplies
brotherliness~confraternité
famishes~famishes
eBay~eBay
tipping~basculement
Kabul's~Kaboul de
drooling~drooling
supine~couché
diastole's~diastole's
Hammett~Hammett
hurtfulness~hurtfulness
gunnysack~gunnysack
autographing~Autographe
hellishness's~de hellishness
stocktaking's~état des lieux de
neckerchiefs~fichus
Manning~Manning
scarifying~scarifiant
mayoress's~mairesse de
spite's~malgré son
progenitors~progéniteurs
Sargent~Sargent
obligation's~obligation de
jellying~gélifiant
Freudian~freudienne
insemination~insémination
stressful~stressant
Jogjakarta~Jogjakarta
chairwoman's~présidente de
assemblies~ensembles
ingratiating~insinuant
timers~minuteries
writhe's~tordent de
flamboyantly~flamboyantly
Puget's~Puget
wholesome~sain
jettisoned~largué
Norseman's~Norseman de
tidiness's~la bonne tenue de
Seleucid~séleucide
sacrifice~sacrifice
philistines~philistins
swellhead's~swellhead de
violoncello's~violoncello de
petition's~pétition de
relevance's~la pertinence de
suture~suture
anthropomorphic~anthropomorphiste
nonsupport's~de non porteuse
chits~chits
fugue's~fugue's
homecoming~retour à la maison
Connie~Connie
Holocene~Holocène
Indianan's~Années Indianan
Yugoslavia's~Yougoslavie de
spanner's~clé de
piles~hémorroïdes
religions~religions
Crux's~Crux de
stargazer~Stargazer
Abraham's~d'Abraham
Anasazi's~Anasazi de
responsiveness's~la réactivité de
controls~controls
mun~mun
tureen's~Années soupière
wanly~wanly
windbag~moulin à paroles
eructations~eructations
Karen's~Karen
precancels~Préoblitérés
dolomite~dolomite
brooks~brooks
colloid's~colloïdaux de
shenanigan~shenanigan
chino's~chino de
hardheartedness's~hardheartedness's
defogger~defogger
overspecialise~overspecialise
transgressing~transgresse
slice's~tranche de
newsboys~camelots
Can's~Peut est
gillies~gillies
disgruntlement's~disgruntlement's
Deccan~Deccan
repairman~dépanneur
glowers~glowers
burghers~burghers
Welshmen's~Années Welshmen
daughters~daughters
Corey's~Corey
Eskimo~esquimau
negative's~de négatifs
telephoning~Telephoning
Selma's~Selma de
sank~a sombré
adumbrated~esquissées
adoration~adoration
ideogram~idéogramme
clxix~clxix
demerits~demerits
timber's~du bois
lassie's~Lassie de
alums~aluns
denominations~denominations
waterspouts~gargouilles
levered~Effet de levier
Micmacs~Micmacs
unembarrassed~sans embarras
vetch~vesce
terriers~terriers
Hebraism's~hébraïsme de
trousseau's~Années trousseaux
sailcloth~toile à voile
makeover~relooking
scoundrel~scélérat
bordello's~Années Bordello
photostat's~photostat de
gourde~gourde
discouraged~discouraged
glance's~glance's
habitations~habitations
conservatism's~le conservatisme de
corpse's~corpse's
knockdowns~chavirages
discontent's~discontent's
knavery's~de fourberie
Adrenalin's~Adrenalin de
muttered~grommela
manginess's~manginess de
chomp~chomp
windscreen~pare-brise
Blanche's~Blanche de
lot~lot
flowerings~flowerings
Myanmar's~Myanmar de
routing~routage
campanile~campanile
orifice's~orifice de
disputer~disputer
Rock's~Des roches
cheeks~des joues
magnetised~magnétisé
flanges~flanges
caller's~appelant de
gyrate~gyrate
vise~vice
sangria's~sangria années
officious~trop zélé
illegals~clandestins
biker's~cycliste de
Moe's~Moe
Apalachicola's~Apalachicola de
assiduity's~de assiduités
incurables~incurables
decontaminated~decontaminated
teed~Teed
horticulture~horticulture
Pratchett~Pratchett
Armand's~Armand de
detonate~detonate
supposition's~supposition de
freezable~freezable
furnace~furnace
extemporaneously~extemporaneously
crushers~crushers
incredulity~incrédulité
fancying~fancying
determent's~determent's
satchels~cartables
fugal~fugal
inseminating~inséminateur
humbler~humble
increasing~en augmentant
predictor~prédicteur
inconsolably~inconsolables
domesticity's~domesticity's
draw's~draw's
eagerer~eagerer
bruit~bruit
pollen~pollen
counterweights~counterweights
undesirability's~de inopportunité
desisting~desisting
racialism's~racialisme de
Spock's~Spock
missteps~faux pas
Tesla's~Tesla
license~Licence
overemphasis~trop grande importance
worthily~dignement
manor~manoir
bulks~vracs
coarseness~grossièreté
dwellings~dwellings
bricklayers~briqueteurs
radiography~radiographie
firebugs~firebugs
Torrens~Torrens
pepperoni's~Années pepperoni
bisection~bissection
cliquishness~esprit de chapelle
novelties~nouveautés
millstone's~meulière de
WMD~armes de destruction massive
Edens~Edens
gaskets~gaskets
intimidation's~de l'intimidation
wigwagging~wigwagging
cyclometer's~cyclometer's
intramural~intra-muros
diacritics~diacritics
Ester's~ester de
paraprofessional~paraprofessionnelle
detonation's~detonation's
esteeming~esteeming
freelance~freelance
cryogenics's~cryogenics's
usurers~usuriers
wussies~wussies
piking~piking
clevis~manille
debtor's~debtor's
replicating~répliquant
goose~goose
switchbacks~switchbacks
salves~baumes
rehire~réembaucher
dunnest~dunnest
corks~corks
Heath~Bruyère
sainted~sanctifié
unduly~trop
retaliate~user de représailles
Plato~Platon
plagiarism's~de plagiat
province's~province de
comfits~comfits
hungriest~plus affamé
lathery~lathery
Dianna's~Dianna de
commie's~commie de
returned~revenu
immaterialness's~immatérialité de
flouted~flouted
croupiest~croupiest
accompanists~accompagnatrices
varying~variable
imperceptibly~imperceptiblement
childish~puéril
bizarrely~baroquement
truncates~tronque
dudgeon's~dudgeon's
fruitfulness~fruitfulness
bromine's~brome de
mimetic~mimétique
demodulation~demodulation
ambulation's~de déambulation
wallflower's~giroflée de
lapel~revers
gratins~gratins
Margot~Margot
breakouts~évasions
wit~esprit
crowning~crowning
vibrancy's~vibrance de
rubbers~caoutchoucs
foreclosed~foreclosed
planking~planches
bridgeheads~têtes de pont
pond~étang
cast~jeter
patriarchates~patriarcats
spacecrafts~astronefs
confidences~confidences
eulogise~eulogise
UCLA~UCLA
obverse's~obverse de
tits~seins
malformations~malformations
catechisms~catéchismes
cringing~cringing
savviest~savviest
cloaked~cloaked
Furies~Furies
functioned~functioned
tanager~tangara
perfects~perfects
mappings~mappings
pretrial~avant le procès
Doric~dorique
counselings~counselings
attempt~tentative
platinum's~en platine
talkers~affichettes
Vesalius~Vésale
padres~padres
creditor~creditor
Sid~Sid
boxing~boxe
steamroll~écraser
grievous~grievous
grosbeak's~grosbeak's
generosities~generosities
fascist~fascist
Soweto's~Soweto de
bug's~bogues
cerium~cérium
Kierkegaard's~Kierkegaard
assassination~assassinat
Essen's~Essen de
brougham's~Brougham de
echo's~echo's
repetition's~répétition de
paragons~parangons
altercation's~de altercation
Priestley's~Priestley de
corkscrewing~corkscrewing
witched~witched
arouses~suscite
magnet's~aimant de
stonewalled~évasives
comedown~calme toi
surtaxes~surtaxes
caddish~mufle
towropes~towropes
immobility's~l'immobilité de
outrigger's~Outrigger de
blab~jaser
tonnage's~du tonnage
zest~zeste
Claudette~Claudette
inspectorate~inspection
inhales~inhale
waits~attend
sponge's~éponge de
gentleman~gentleman
swiz~Swiz
lineman~ouvrier de ligne
amazement~stupéfaction
pipsqueak~nabot
Jezebel's~Jézabel de
backlash's~jeu de
Stephan's~Stephan de
Hardin~Hardin
teeming~grouillant
outdated~dépassé
interrogators~interrogateurs
Judith's~Judith
repopulated~repeuplée
yearbooks~yearbooks
Basie's~Années Basie
debarking~debarking
beeping~bip sonore
Kurtis~Kurtis
diking~diking
parachutist's~de parachutiste
despise~despise
incomer~nouveau venu
rosary~chapelet
yuk's~Yuk de
cattail~quenouilles
Baotou's~Baotou de
hairspring's~hairspring's
teargas~gaz lacrymogène
IPO~introduction en bourse
stripe's~Années bande
handballs~handballs
photometer's~photomètre de
quadruplicate~quadruplicate
pentagram's~pentagramme de
bedclothes~literies
bezel~biseau
declension~declension
bigmouth~gueulard
dime~dime
bin's~bacs
truest~la plus vraie
should've~aurais dû
polypropylene's~polypropylène de
kaffeeklatsches~kaffeeklatsches
Pius~Pie
sweetbriers~sweetbriers
prognostication's~de prognostication
Rodgers~Rodgers
geode~geode
trawlers~chalutiers
babushka's~Années babouchka
professionalism's~de professionnalisme
acquainted~connaissance
endpoints~endpoints
underexposures~sous-exposition
bruited~ébruité
founder~founder
estranging~estranging
crackdown's~crackdown's
nondisclosure's~de non-divulgation
realise~prendre conscience de
braining~Braining
placekicks~placekicks
Mandrell~Mandrell
windowsill's~appuis de fenêtre
enamour~enamour
visitation's~de visite
Holiday's~Vacances
bickering~chamailleries
positives~positifs
Malibu~Malibu
picnickers~niqueurs
unsteadiness's~unsteadiness de
Lizzie~Lizzie
rearming~réarmer
lorises~loris
cataclysm's~de cataclysme
exotica~exotica
splinter's~de écharde
orotundities~orotundities
evildoers~evildoers
snow~neige
excitation~excitation
spell~épeler
jellies~gelées
simpleness's~de simpleness
earache's~earache's
synchronising~synchronisation
cumbering~cumbering
deferment~deferment
shooter~tireur
Yaqui~Yaqui
Harrison~Harrison
winterise~wintériser
deploy~deploy
harpooned~harponné
mizzens~mizzens
nonsexual~nonsexual
underpins~SOUTIENT
innocently~naïvement
occidental~occidental
Piccadilly~Piccadilly
reascend~remontera
narcissus~narcisse
screening's~de dépistage
baggage~bagages
westernised~occidentalisé
minsters~minsters
Jill~Jill
gropes~gropes
inverse's~inverse de
thalidomide~thalidomide
pegged~chevillé
hooked~accroché
selves~mêmes
Pollard~Têtard
blazon's~blazon de
Tuesday's~de mardi
flounce~flounce
tribe~tribu
skibobs~bobs
mainframe's~mainframe de
implicitness~implicitness
favour~favour
pellucid~transparent
padding~rembourrage
sooner~plus tôt
quadrivium's~quadrivium de
fanciful~fanciful
Yaroslavl~Yaroslavl
Huron~Huron
Maori~maori
corned~corned
lactate~lactate
sailboarders~véliplanchistes
doctrinal~doctrinal
abstinence's~de l'abstinence
illustrations~illustrations
minion~serviteur
smallish~un peu petite
Jordanian's~de Jordanie
wakefulness~vigilance
pornography's~la pornographie de
hairstyle's~hairstyle's
stockroom's~de stockroom
semitone's~de demi-ton
maltreat~maltraiter
leers~Leers
handed~handed
Dee~Dee
partakers~participiez
foreperson~foreperson
headcounts~dénombrements
externalising~externalising
quailed~quailed
commissionaire~commissionnaire
romeo~romeo
Charity's~charité de
feebleness~feebleness
bedrocks~soubassements
microwave~four micro onde
guideline~guideline
foresightedness's~foresightedness's
Cooke's~Cooke
drowsing~drowsing
cutup's~cutup's
kip~roupillon
assessing~évaluer
excrescence's~excrescence's
bilks~bilks
recliner~fauteuil
jardinieres~jardinieres
fatalist's~fatalist's
escalator's~escalator's
heartfelt~sincère
lifeboat~canot de sauvetage
Liz's~Liz de
preacher's~prédicateur de
emoted~emoted
inexpressive~inexpressif
cation's~cation de
Burnside~Burnside
contract's~contract's
Knight's~knight
exterminated~exterminated
supportable~justifiables
misspoke~mal exprimé
smugglers~contrebandiers
Novartis's~Novartis de
brilliantine's~Années brillantine
Sibyl's~Sibylle de
straddling~chevauchants
reborn~rené
sipping~en sirotant
weatherman~météorologue
tyke's~de tyke
geomagnetism's~geomagnetism's
fig~fig
interdependent~interdépendant
cytosine~cytosine
disadvantages~disadvantages
ketch~ketch
newsman~journaliste
counterrevolutions~counterrevolutions
Mauritanians~Mauritaniens
Sony's~Sony
pisser~pisseuse
overexercises~overexercises
ceramics's~de la céramique
deliberateness's~deliberateness's
Vanessa's~de Vanessa
gridiron~gridiron
heartrendingly~déchirantes
stockholders~actionnaires
discussants~discussants
petrol~essence
contraries~contraries
welsh~gallois
piques~Piques
pyrimidine's~pyrimidine de
granola's~granola's
pass's~passe de
fit's~fit's
Magoo~Magoo
reduplicating~redoublant
wirehair~wirehair
imbalance~déséquilibre
iodides~iodures
retardant~retardateur
caryatid~cariatide
spellbound~envoûté
helped~aidé
puzzle~puzzle
rems~rems
terrestrially~terrestrement
Ivorian~Ivoirien
vitrine~Vitrine
infatuation~engouement
Christina's~Christina
rejoining~rejoindre
Cotton~Coton
standards~normes
mitochondrial~mitochondrial
pleurisy~pleurésie
billhooks~serpes
we'd~mer
germ's~germ's
incivilities~incivilités
bimbo's~Bimbo de
Attucks's~Attucks de
strop~cuir à rasoir
footage's~footage's
qualmish~qualmish
codfish's~Années morues
melancholy~mélancolie
Debussy's~Debussy
unsafely~unsafely
disinterests~disinterests
fragile~fragile
recipient~bénéficiaire
interregnums~interrègnes
Kansans~Kansans
herniate~hernie à
sincerer~sincerer
carpooled~du covoiturage
postponements~ajournements
lemmas~lemmes
sealant's~étanchéité de
Tass~Tass
plenitude's~plenitude de
repackaged~reconditionné
journeys~voyages
correctest~correctest
Irishman~Irlandais
jigsawed~jigsawed
pouter~boutant
Lorie~Lorie
sharpers~aigrefins
pettifoggers~chicaneurs
astrological~astrologique
shakeout's~de décochage
epigraphy~epigraphy
hydrants~bouches d'incendie
spindling~spindling
reoccurring~récurrent
outgrown~trop grands
garbanzo's~garbanzo's
wiring~câblage
impassibility's~impassibilité de
infamous~infâme
hygienic~hygiénique
eh~eh
rumble~gronder
says~dit
caucusing~Caucus
wilfulness~obstination
countertenor's~countertenor's
Cypriots~Chypriotes
confectioner's~confiseur
pediment~fronton
nabbed~chopé
Kentucky~Kentucky
Cambridge's~CAMBRIDGE
Yolanda~Yolanda
trigger's~déclenchement de
flawless~flawless
rakishness~rakishness
roadway's~de la chaussée
sketchpad~sketchpad
hallucinations~hallucinations
Nate's~Nate
besets~assaille
shifting~déplacement
pantry's~Pantry
subletting~sous-location
leaven~levain
affray~rixe
glumness's~glumness's
factionalism~factionalism
documented~documented
interlined~interligné
GDP's~Le PIB
amoral~amoral
betroth~fiancer
bicycler~bicycler
shrilling~strident
enables~enables
thistledown's~de Thistledown
quibbler's~chicaneur de
premedical~premedical
parsonages~presbytères
immanently~immanente
copy~copy
Dalmatia~Dalmatie
participation's~La participation de
dampers~dampers
textures~textures
activator's~activateur de
publicist~journaliste
baggie~sac en plastique
lenience~indulgence
stencilled~stencil
knockwurst~knockwurst
plait~tresser
ethereally~ethereally
Jacques's~Jacques de
piteousness's~piteousness de
newshound~Newshound
dimming~dimming
factional~factional
frighting~frighting
sultans~sultans
garble~garble
propaganda's~la propagande de
overcasts~surjet
hairstylists~hairstylists
slice~tranche
Chirico's~Chirico
disperses~disperses
recriminating~récriminer
selectness's~de selectness
scaffold~échafaud
Prudence~Prudence
manipulator~manipulateur
sparkly~scintillante
alternator~alternateur
chapbook's~colportage de
petites~Petites
pillory~pilori
Demavend's~Demavend de
counterrevolutionary's~counterrevolutionary's
vendetta's~vendetta de
forecaster~forecaster
awaiting~en attente
captioned~sous-titré
Ark~Arche
telephones~téléphones
grindstone's~grindstone's
pickling~décapage
hunchbacked~bossu
philosophically~philosophiquement
plywood~contre-plaqué
hairdos~hairdos
calculatedly~calculatedly
Altoids's~Années Altoids
stoppering~bouchonnage
whammies~Whammy
gritters~gritters
Wisconsinite~Wisconsinite
Keynesian~keynésienne
pneumonia~pneumonie
custodians~custodians
avail's~avail de
marine's~marine de
officiates~officiants
Pol's~Pol de
clearheaded~lucide
libretto's~livret de
inflating~gonfler
bounteously~bounteously
ionise~ioniser
liquidating~liquidation
galloping~galloping
UBS's~d'UBS
publicising~publicisation
councilmen~councilmen
Mistress~Maîtresse
Micronesian's~Années micronésiens
cosignatories~cosignatories
Britten~Britten
imp's~diablotin de
clewed~point d'écoute
duffed~duffed
bamboozles~Bamboozles
despicable~despicable
blockade~blocus
censoriousness~censoriousness
tartan's~ecossais
importation's~l'importation de
peeress~pairesse
netiquette~nétiquette
proctored~surveillé
Bret's~bret de
sinusitis~sinusite
flukier~flukier
Google~Google
happier~happier
comp's~comp de
reupholstering~rembourrer
relief's~de soulagement
charred~carbonisé
accordance's~selon ce
booth~cabine
spiral~spirale
destructibility's~destructibility's
psittacosis~psittacose
Cassandra's~Cassandra
IP~IP
FPO~Polynésie française
birthed~donné naissance
ferryman~ferryman
suitability's~l'aptitude de
practitioner~praticien
Tanner's~Tanner
cosies~cosies
sombrero's~Années sombrero
illness's~la maladie de
hydration~hydration
pterodactyl's~ptérodactyle de
stall's~stalles
andiron~chenet
radicalisation's~la radicalisation de
Nunavut~Nunavut
nightclubs~les boites de nuit
fortieths~fortieths
sutures~sutures
Wise's~Wise
suffragist's~de suffragette
jasmines~jasmins
Bowie's~Bowie
ICC~CPI
confides~confie
unaffected~non affecté
amnesty~amnistie
Terkel~Terkel
mainsprings~spiraux
Watusi~Watusi
cackle's~ricanement de
noteworthiness~noteworthiness
teeter~vaciller
officialdom~bureaucratie
how're~Comment allez
Malaysian~Malaisie
Rankine~Rankine
Iphigenia~Iphigénie
arisen~déjà apparue
accordant~accordant
lactating~allaitante
sextant~sextant
Esterhazy~Esterhazy
amends~compensation
truthfulness~véracité
reproof~réprimande
intercommunicate~communiquer
snarling~hargneux
complacency's~la complaisance de
sateen~satinette
viking's~VIKING
sidestroked~sidestroked
incompatibly~de façon incompatible
bran~fibre
schizophrenic's~schizophrène
bullishness~tendance haussière
avengers~vengeurs
uneasy~inquiet
viewership's~de viewership
accompanist's~accompagnatrice de
Schwinn's~Schwinn de
congestion~congestion
garlanding~garlanding
anionic~anionique
xxi~xxi
winner's~gagnants
bandwagons~bandwagons
stepdad~stepdad
praising~louer
douching~douching
taking~prise
yardmaster~chef de triage
aquaplaning~aquaplaning
healers~guérisseurs
nanotechnology's~de la nanotechnologie
gargle~gargle
beckons~fait signe
passionflower~fleur de la passion
rotundas~rotondes
demonstrability~demonstrability
approximations~approximations
suppuration's~suppuration de
rives~Rives
feasibility~feasibility
disgorged~disgorged
ringworm~teigne
rakes~râteaux
hardihood~hardihood
versions~versions
edit~edit
heuristic's~heuristique de
sodium~sodium
you've~vous avez
cirrhotic~cirrhotique
looks~regards
depolarisation~depolarisation
inrush's~de courant d'appel
sussed~sussed
mutual~mutuel
unstrapped~débouclé
cowered~cowered
resend~renverrons
misappropriations~malversations
mothering~maternage
clean~nettoyer
freeloaders~freeloaders
Addison~Addison
Sarasota's~Sarasota de
sabotage's~de sabotage
showdown's~épreuve de force de
Navarro's~Navarro de
sierra~sierra
dancer~dancer
headdress's~couvre-chef de
Web~toile
maundering~maundering
Lazarus~Lazare
goaltender~goaltender
croziers~croziers
Bismarck~Bismarck
Seuss's~Seuss de
burliness~burliness
timeshare~temps partagé
Scud's~Scud de
keyboarded~sur clavier
Lerner~Lerner
penurious~misérable
kronur~kronur
pucker's~plisser de
uptick~légère hausse
topology~topologie
innumeracy~innumérisme
tablespoon's~à soupe de
scientists~scientifiques
Micronesia's~Micronésie de
portrayals~représentations
pictograph's~pictograph de
boyfriend~copain
Noe's~Noe de
thoughtfulness~prévenance
headiness~headiness
moistness~moiteur
buying~achat
Turks~Turcs
tenderer~soumissionnaire
nonacademic~non universitaire
premeditation's~de préméditation
Algerian's~Algérien de
Benton~Courbé sur
prompters~prompteurs
hysterically~hystériquement
titleholders~tenant du titre
acuity's~L'acuité de
Independence's~iNDÉPENDANCE
Aramaic's~araméen de
monstrance's~ostensoir de
lupin~lupin
keeps~garde
forewarns~forewarns
Gore's~Gore
assurances~assurances
Rover~Vagabond
interwoven~entrelacée
hosteled~hosteled
Br's~BR
resowing~réensemencement
recessive~récessif
transponder~transpondeur
artifice~artifice
lacteal~lacté
snorting~ébrouement
sharpest~la plus nette
insularity~insularité
vowel~une voyelle
Ferraro~Ferraro
swing~balançoire
automation's~de l'automatisation
RVs~VR
twirler's~twirler de
logician's~Années logicien
Winfrey's~Winfrey de
tanking~tanking
Orwellian~orwellien
imperious~impérieux
Beaumont~Beaumont
viper's~vipère
purser~commissaire du bord
EPA~EPA
nonexplosive's~de non explosifs
senora's~Senora de
hydrolysis's~hydrolyse de
Hasbro~Hasbro
Eddie's~Eddie
commuter~navetteur
cockle~coque
militarist~militariste
thyme~thym
Lancaster's~Lancaster de
itches~démange
capitulations~capitulations
seizing~saisissant
obverses~avers
Vilma's~Vilma de
oft~maintes fois
shepherdess~bergère
Scotchwoman's~Écossaise de
doormat's~doormat's
superintends~surintendance
porphyry's~porphyre de
Guangzhou~Guangzhou
idols~idoles
coexist~coexister
padlocking~cadenassage
saddening~attristant
Rojas~Rojas
madrasas~madrasas
amenities~équipements
paperback~livre de poche
cracks~cracks
biplane~biplan
combating~Lutte contre la
decriminalise~decriminalise
SW's~SW de
readopted~readopted
whiskys~whiskys
Frigidaire~Frigidaire
disrobe~disrobe
HOV~VOM
pasha's~pasha de
restocking~reconstitution des stocks
veterinary's~vétérinaire de
Segovia's~années Segovia
Merton's~Merton
elevens~elevens
runnels~Runnels
mouth's~La bouche de
remarkably~remarquablement
pussyfoots~pussyfoots
interlocutory~interlocutoire
fracturing~fracturing
embalming~embalming
GNU's~GNU de
whorl's~Années whorl
Zephaniah's~Sophonie de
cone~cône
Camry's~Camry
cheer's~à votre santé
bungee's~saut à l'élastique de
Lents~Lents
Boru~Boru
district~district
Raquel~Raquel
shakedowns~extorsions
Mount's~Mont de
streamlined~simplifiée
hothouse's~serre chaude de
Peace~Paix
guardhouse's~guardhouse's
ransoming~rançonnement
ticker's~ticker de
concurs~Souscrit
moisten~humidifier
conceitedness~conceitedness
cardiogram's~de cardiogramme
cuckolded~cuckolded
granulation's~granulation's
galaxies~galaxies
achievers~accomplisseurs
parkways~parkways
Haida's~Haida de
fastest~fastest
suffuses~soffuses
Amerindian~amérindien
anarchism~anarchisme
merman's~triton de
outfall~déversoir
aromatherapy~aromathérapie
trawl's~chalut de
stridency~stridence
formulate~formulate
Underwood~Underwood
varieties~variétés
unadventurous~unadventurous
flamenco~flamenco
semimonthly~semi-mensuelle
lifelessly~sans vie
uncleanest~uncleanest
Medici's~Medici
descants~descants
elate~elate
conjunct's~de conjoints
Pocono~pocono
newshounds~newshounds
sidesplitting~sidesplitting
chortle~gloussement
Superior's~le supérieur
cagoule~Cagoule
decontamination~decontamination
disaffection~disaffection
paragon~parangon
ugliness~la laideur
preemption~préemption
mission's~missions
jaggeder~jaggeder
Montevideo~Montevideo
Bunin~Bunin
syndicate's~du syndicat
emotionalises~emotionalises
vitalisation~vitalisation
mediocrity~médiocrité
sketches~croquis
reoccurs~se reproduit
deductively~deductively
butane~butane
superintendency's~surintendance de
betting~pari
weekend~fin de semaine
shoplifted~vol à l'étalage
genocidal~genocidal
rigid~rigide
measly~misérable
peppiness's~de peppiness
transcriber's~de transcripteur
sics~sics
server's~les serveurs
candidatures~candidatures
peacock~paon
afterwards~ensuite
orcs~orcs
Texan's~texan de
dishevelled~dishevelled
Allende~Allende
electrocardiograph's~electrocardiograph's
stools~selles
Boeing~Boeing
madman's~fou de
opting~optant
wk~sem
landowning~propriété terrienne
nullity~nullité
corrugates~corrugates
applier~applicateur
hurtfulness's~hurtfulness de
twisty~tortueuse
polonium~polonium
gunrunners~gunrunners
suffix's~suffixe de
Taipei's~Taipei de
develops~develops
betrothal~fiançailles
televisions~téléviseurs
reintroduced~réintroduite
redrafts~reformule
Elmer's~Elmer
clink's~tintement de
Larson's~Larson
tropisms~tropismes
Gamble~Pari
overriding~primordial
miniaturising~miniaturiser
prophet~prophète
clienteles~clientèles
acquaints~Initier
show's~montre
seethes~grouillant
yammering~yammering
penitential~pénitentiel
Stanton's~Stanton de
unedifying~unedifying
authenticity~authenticité
inarticulately~inarticulée
niggling~tatillon
albumen~albumen
fatalistic~fatalistic
cunningly~cunningly
beanstalks~tiges de haricot
Freeman's~Freeman
secondary~secondaire
agave's~agave de
bedevilled~bedeviled
Janelle~Janelle
Johanna's~Johanna de
Ashe~Ashe
phis~phis
Octavia~Octavia
Tamika's~Tamika de
outfacing~outfacing
osmotic~osmotique
counsel~counsel
Engels's~Engels
prudery's~de pruderie
xxix~xxix
shutdowns~arrêts
boxen~boxen
unseating~délogement
Ballard's~Ballard
arrases~arrases
purring~ronronnement
ghostwriter's~ghostwriter's
schwas~schwas
incestuousness~incestueuse
broom's~balai de
tankers~camions-citernes
Hellenist~helléniste
Danielle~Danielle
cells~cellules
grout's~grout's
nunnery's~nonnerie de
Octavian's~Octavian de
technicians~techniciens
perfumer's~parfumeur de
accessorising~accessoiriser
blintz's~Années Blintz
duffer's~duffer's
pursued~poursuivi
blush~rougir
postmarked~cachet de la poste
classicist~classiciste
hateful~odieux
Ladyship's~ladyship de
brushoff~brushoff
desalt~desalt
blacktopped~asphaltée
biggie's~Biggie de
sanguinary~sanglant
Deere's~Deere de
moneyboxes~tirelires
pandering~proxénétisme
woodlot's~woodlot de
Sheila's~Sheila de
celebratory~de fête
consignee~destinataire
incurring~encourir
subsoil~sous-sol
bookbindery~atelier de reliure
Bridget's~Bridget
photographs~photographies
smuggled~passé en contrebande
placekickers~placekickers
fireballs~fireballs
dieter's~dieter's
Yamagata~Yamagata
rummy's~rami de
saloon~salon
indisputably~sans conteste
Goodman~Homme bon
brickwork's~Années briquetage
stomaching~stomaching
silences~silences
wagerers~parieurs
enplaned~enplaned
Ceylonese~cingalaise
dimensionless~dimensionless
carols~chants de Noël
inciter~incitateur
abstraction's~abstraction de
Baryshnikov's~Baryshnikov de
hookup~brancher
mangrove~manglier
cheetah~guépard
Roxanne's~Roxanne de
cost~cost
July's~juillet de
prefabricated~préfabriqué
dammit~dammit
preheated~préchauffé
enchantment~enchantment
Brooklyn~Brooklyn
paced~rythmé
dingo's~dingo's
Nicene~Nicée
stammered~balbutia
Elena's~Elena
geddit~geddit
analogies~analogies
truth's~la vérité de
horrifies~horrifie
occlusion~occlusion
troves~troves
flapper~flapper
andiron's~andiron de
donations~donations
explanatory~explanatory
demonstrating~demonstrating
positive's~positif
Thames~Thames
semiofficial~semi-officiel
Parthia~parthia
rejuvenation~rajeunissement
atty~Atty
Vivaldi's~Vivaldi
locution's~de locution
mincing~maniéré
alpacas~alpagas
accommodating~accommodant
goldmine's~goldmine's
anthology's~anthologie de
Delta's~de Delta
eighteenth~eighteenth
Jephthah~Jephté
worthier~digne
Dodson's~Dodson de
gabardine's~gabardine's
RAM's~RAM de
best~meilleur
Neil~Neil
spieling~spieling
monument's~les monuments
abnegation~renoncement
interest's~intérêts
ewer's~ewer's
plans~des plans
hyphens~traits d'union
kibosh's~kibosh de
outdistanced~distancées
dwarfing~dwarfing
geometries~geometries
overhear~surprendre
flatlets~flatlets
pasteurise~pasteuriser
pumping~pompage
craftsmanship's~craftsmanship's
adulation's~de l'adulation
Fischer~Fischer
Norbert~Norbert
looting's~de pillage
discouragement~discouragement
wolfram~wolfram
spunkiest~spunkiest
unlooses~unlooses
tough~dure
Scripture~Écriture
occasion's~occasion de
adulterants~adultérants
trademarking~Dépôt de la marque
Eddy's~Eddy
plumped~repulpée
unarmed~sans armes
Procter~Procter
whale's~baleines
tuneup~mise au point
hypoglycemic's~hypoglycémiant de
lamebrain~lamebrain
electrostatics's~electrostatics's
Raffles's~Années Raffles
pluperfect's~de-parfait
avian~aviaire
bodega's~Années bodegas
Jeremy~Jeremy
cognitively~cognitivement
obstacle~obstacle
frighted~frighted
emulation~emulation
Ben's~Ben
archaeology~archéologie
invalidity's~invalidité de
pubic~pubien
automobiles~automobiles
cyclist~cyclist
taper's~Années coniques
photographic~photographique
exam~exam
turnip~navet
puzzle's~casse-tête de
topflight~de premier ordre
psalmist~psalmiste
quirkier~quirkier
lumberjacks~bucherons
mishandle~maltraiter
Gavin's~Gavin
objective's~objectifs
humorously~avec humour
drainage's~drainage's
catsuit~catsuit
offbeat~décalé
Paganini~Paganini
deteriorates~deteriorates
library's~bibliothèque de
collarbones~clavicules
mesas~mesas
enunciates~enunciates
heeded~écouté
Blackfoot~Pieds-Noirs
strengths~forces
clefs~clefs
insteps~insteps
desalination~desalination
tramway~ligne de tramway
murmur's~murmure de
concealer~anticernes
houseplants~houseplants
ambassadorships~d'ambassadeur
yids~youpins
alfalfa's~luzerne de
averaged~en moyenne
submariner~Submariner
carjackings~piraterie routière
plunge's~plongeon de
Phipps~Phipps
airiness~légèreté
honorarium's~honoraires de
arrogation's~de arrogation
corset~corset
squints~fouines
Palmer~Palmer
lactose~lactose
gauche~gauche
perspectives~points de vue
Nell~Nell
imperfections~imperfections
sculling~godille
pollsters~sondeurs
increase's~augmentation de
wimpling~wimpling
Rubin's~Rubin
carcinomas~carcinomes
humming~bourdonnement
fortune~fortune
Denise's~de Denise
permission~autorisation
Guarani's~Années Guarani
embarkation's~embarkation's
serviceability~entretien
leagues~ligues
posing~poser
translated~traduit
national~nationale
outsize~gigantesque
heresies~hérésies
kangaroos~kangourous
handshake's~handshake's
knackered~knackered
amused~amusé
Leach's~Leach de
longitudinally~longitudinalement
gymkhanas~gymkhanas
fluctuation~fluctuation
blasphemer's~blasphémateur de
czarist~czarist
aerating~désaération
secularists~laïcistes
buggier~Brugière
zealot's~de zélote
towpath~towpath
surrounding~alentours
Jutland's~Jutland de
paratrooper~parachutiste
laypeople~laïcs
wastage's~le gaspillage de
webcams~webcams
husbandry's~élevage de
shallowly~peu profondément
clipper~tondeuse
Cu~Cu
comic~bande dessinée
candidacy~candidature
packsaddles~bâts
squeezer's~squeezer de
Salem~Salem
marring~ABÎME
qts~pintes
inherited~hérité
shooed~chassa
student's~élèves
gallon's~gallon's
Swedenborg's~Swedenborg
Kodiak's~Kodiak de
pleasantness~charme
mooched~moochés
optimists~optimistes
usual~habituel
ferrymen~ferrymen
inset~insérer
perennial~vivace
absent~absent
Neruda's~Neruda de
Maigret's~Maigret
Tycho~Tycho
libertarian~libertaire
him~lui
sapphire's~saphir de
Liverpool's~Liverpool de
outbreak~déclenchement
Stolypin's~Stolypine de
Lenten's~lenten de
going's~going's
boos~huées
pennyweight's~pennyweight de
snipers~tireurs d'élite
sages~sages
squelching~blocage automatique
geologist~geologist
Malraux~Malraux
motility~motilité
unavailingly~inutilement
needlewoman's~lingère de
weensy~weensy
streetlight's~lampadaires
breakfront's~breakfront de
suggests~suggère
depraved~depraved
business's~affaires de
orgasmic~orgasmique
vulgarises~vulgarises
lapses~devient caduque
room's~pièces
preregistered~préenregistré
psychoanalyst's~de psychanalyse
virus's~virus de
overstretch~surextension
Standish~Standish
Sucrets's~Années Sucrets
swifts~martinets
guilds~guilds
reposes~Reposes
unresponsive~ne répond pas
Slinky~séduisant
junkyard~junkyard
ascendancy~ascendant
gingersnap's~gingersnap's
forerunners~forerunners
impulses~impulsions
jolts~cahots
alarm's~alarme de
stymie's~stymie de
oversaw~a supervisé
melts~fond
umbilicus~ombilic
disabuses~disabuses
jalopy~guimbarde
manure~fumier
underestimate~sous-estimer
Heep's~Heep de
vague~vague
xxxv~XXXV
mythical~mythique
demobbed~demobbed
sendoffs~sendoffs
jumpers~cavaliers
sari's~sari de
pennyweight~pennyweight
pillager~pillard
dateline's~dateline's
jinrikisha~jinrikisha
hibernate~hiberner
repopulate~repeupler
dresser's~dresser's
fussily~fussily
serape's~Années serape
biography's~biographie
Superglue~Super colle
tooth~dent
boozes~boozes
scalds~ébouillanter
inexactness~inexactitude
truckle~s'humilier
manes~mânes
pulverising~POUDRE
deicing~deicing
copycatting~copycatting
Madeline~Madeline
completest~plus complète
conciseness~concision
Adrian~Adrian
cough~cough
Guizot's~Guizot
decade's~decade's
sky~ciel
juicers~juicers
Talmuds~Talmuds
deranged~deranged
cavalierly~cavalièrement
viz~à savoir
fingering~fingering
passable~passable
bootstrap's~années bootstrap
validness~valable jusqu'au
Stuart~Stuart
minister's~ministre de
unhitching~désaccouplement
Brunswick's~Brunswick de
foreground's~foreground's
fps~fps
killdeer's~Killdeer de
assuredly~assurément
overreached~allé trop loin
hayloft's~fenil de
preemie~prématuré
Chopra's~Chopra
Shula's~Shula de
sturdiness~solidité
rathskeller's~de Rathskeller
ramrodded~ramrodded
anions~anions
appurtenance~accessoire
Occident~Occident
Eminem~Eminem
locate~Localiser
circumstanced~circumstanced
infidelities~infidélités
sideways~de côté
contrives~contrives
schoolyard's~école de
shakeouts~shakeouts
withdrew~retiré
anguishes~affres
Schiaparelli's~Schiaparelli de
cordiality~cordiality
bonnier~bonnier
douches~douches
hallows~hallows
Ge~Ge
excellence's~excellence's
kinswoman's~Années parentes
pestle's~pilons de
rapture~ravissement
dependability~dependability
moralists~moralistes
Havel's~Havel de
frolicking~frolicking
crystallising~crystallising
fascicle's~fascicle's
attend~assister
rivet's~rivet de
mayflower's~aubépine de
playpen's~parc de
wackier~farfelue
debuting~debuting
filch~filch
doodler~doodler
Linnaeus~Linné
calamaris~calamaris
emaciate~emaciate
belittles~rabaisse
Gutenberg's~Gutenberg
separate's~séparés de
subordinated~subordonnés
Alvin~Alvin
officiators~officiants
declivity~declivity
outraging~outrageant
disagreeing~disagreeing
Crater~Cratère
disastrously~disastrously
unflavoured~aromatisée
tofu~Tofu
evangelicalism~evangelicalism
bandages~des pansements
Platonism's~platonisme de
Lucian's~Lucian de
impromptu's~impromptu
conglomeration~agglomération
dallying~dallying
waging~faire la
bulletin's~bulletin de
mastiffs~dogues
adorning~ornant
honest~honnête
outrunning~distançant
underrepresented~sous-représentés
Bauer's~Bauer
Vanzetti's~Vanzetti de
skywriting~skywriting
Hertzsprung~Hertzsprung
Tonia's~Tonia de
enmeshment's~enmeshment's
daze's~daze's
Lanai's~véranda de
apologist's~apologiste de
equalisers~equalisers
popper~Popper
reprehends~reprehends
expediters~expediters
christens~baptise
combination~combinaison
forequarter's~forequarter's
creativeness's~creativeness's
blundering~maladroit
candidature~candidature
stretchiest~extensible
detection's~detection's
dispossession's~dispossession's
Celt~Celte
occasioning~occasionnant
Courtney's~Courtney
portentous~de mauvais augure
ecocide~ecocide
Aventine's~Aventin de
mammy~maman
fields~fields
noncompetitive~non compétitif
Thaddeus~Thaddeus
improbable~improbable
paraphrases~paraphrases
Bohr's~Bohr
waterbirds~oiseaux aquatiques
riffing~riffing
weevil's~Années charançon
humbugs~berlingots
sleuthing~sleuthing
subjugation's~subjugation de
gratefulness's~gratefulness's
Jeffersonian's~jeffersonian de
deep~deep
kitchens~cuisines
suctioned~dragués
separatist's~séparatiste de
munched~croquait
defilers~defilers
guideposts~guideposts
careering~careering
hobby~loisir
declaratory~declaratory
toads~crapauds
updraught's~courant ascendant de
tamales~tamales
snafu~snafu
maybe's~est peut-être
triples~triplets
summarily~sommaire
fractionally~fractionally
tromping~tromping
Ortiz~Ortiz
grapple~grapple
perks~avantages
isobaric~isobare
phlegm~flegme
arbitrager~arbitragiste
viscountcy's~vicomté de
economised~economised
flautist~flautist
Mithra~Mithra
forbearance~forbearance
predilection's~prédilection de
nonalignment's~de non-alignement
curved~curved
spud~patate
presets~préréglages
Tancred~Tancrède
anopheles~anophèle
controllers~controllers
hash's~hachage de
crayon~crayon
reenactment~reconstitution historique
analysis's~L'analyse de
chambray~chambray
headstand~headstand
bosses~patrons
Tabernacles~Tabernacles
trendsetters~trendsetters
creases~creases
obviated~obvié
influence~influence
Luz~Luz
neurology's~de neurologie
pledged~promis
Maggie~Maggie
weeder's~désherbeur de
octopus's~de poulpe
knoll's~Knoll de
unruffled~lisse
Brooke~Brooke
gambol's~gambol's
majored~obtenu un diplôme
skimping~mégotage
hopscotch's~Années marelle
intermediary's~intermédiaire de
Pillsbury~Pillsbury
potbellied~ventru
unwholesomeness's~insalubrité de
heartless~sans coeur
homesickness's~de mal du pays
railed~fulminé
lavishest~lavishest
periodontist's~parodontiste de
dialect~dialect
temporariness~temporariness
provider~fournisseur
hydrotherapy~hydrothérapie
chunk~gros morceau
spaces~les espaces
airship~ballon dirigeable
frictions~frictions
Hersey's~Hersey de
amaretto's~de amaretto
retrospecting~retrospecting
syntactically~syntaxiquement
mountaintop's~sommet de la montagne de
developments~developments
antidepressant's~de antidépresseurs
otters~loutres
sappier~Sappier
dissuading~dissuading
causers~causers
overflights~survols
transponders~transpondeurs
gangland's~gangland's
murmurs~murmures
punishment's~les sanctions
Jehoshaphat's~Jehoshaphat de
rostrum's~rostre de
ballpark~stade de baseball
proprietor's~propriétaire de
monopolist~monopoliste
dobermans~dobermans
Kentucky's~du Kentucky
doddering~doddering
Lenny's~Lenny
questionably~questionably
inducers~inducteurs
wheatmeal~gruaux
memorandum's~note de
statisticians~statisticiens
stockpile's~stocks de
perjurer's~Années Parjure
Adkins's~Années Adkins
wanderers~wanderers
Kentuckian~Kentuckian
ignorance~ignorance
Graciela~Graciela
Negroes~Noirs
caricature's~caricature de
rimed~rimée
alterable~modifiable
prevarication~tergiversation
villa~villa
anticipation's~l'anticipation de
dispossess~dispossess
larva's~larve de
Riggs~Riggs
reach's~atteindre son
decoupaged~decoupaged
cummerbunds~cummerbunds
squander~gaspiller
compliance~conformité
talkier~talkier
duality's~duality's
shone~brillant
censures~censures
abseil~descendeur
represents~représente
Jenny's~Jenny
builtin~builtin
catcall's~catcall de
terrain's~terrain
Kennith~Kennith
brisk~rapide
negritude~négritude
hemisphere~hémisphère
camerawork~prise de vue
luminous~lumineux
portliest~portliest
whippersnapper's~freluquet de
herding~élevage
Brent's~Brent de
jokey~jokey
metallurgic~métallurgique
mortared~cimentées
advocacy~plaidoyer
lubes~Lubes
salacity~salacité
Tupungato's~Tupungato de
optical~optique
Donna~Donna
passed~passé
living~vivant
allude~faire allusion
avoirdupois~embonpoint
swastika~svastika
confers~confère
nonobjective~non objectif
nosher~nosher
misanthropic~misanthropique
vetoes~vetos
morbidity's~de la morbidité
aseptically~aseptiques
inarguable~inarguable
sundries~articles divers
Fremont's~Fremont de
demotions~demotions
junk's~indésirable de
repository's~du référentiel
lumberer~bûcheron
affixes~affixes
heck's~diable de
comestible's~de comestible
Myles's~Myles de
shit's~merde
consummate~consummate
perceptional~perceptive
liberator~libérateur
sometime~parfois
dishcloths~dishcloths
Essequibo~Essequibo
muscat~muscat
waterwheel~noria
monkeyshine's~Monkeyshine de
Unilever~Unilever
recrystallising~recristallisation
westerner's~de Westerner
sundown's~coucher du soleil de
rations~vivres
untranslated~non traduite
frisking~frisking
frogman~frogman
despondently~despondently
sugariest~sugariest
valid~valide
vapidity~fadeur
damage's~damage's
syrup~sirop
slavishly~servilement
deactivate~deactivate
airlessness~airlessness
location~emplacement
dotingly~dotingly
individualistic~individualiste
legitimating~légitimant
Absalom's~Absalom de
egotist's~egotist's
concomitant's~concomitantes de
crop's~crop's
wiggler's~wiggler de
tribunals~tribunaux
saggy~défoncés
hypersensitiveness~hypersensibilité
housewares~articles ménagers
rubberneck's~rubberneck de
teleworking~travail à distance
outranks~surclasse
colourises~colourises
sidewinder's~Sidewinder de
inflationary~inflationniste
Namibia's~NAMIBIE
substratum~substrat
aroma's~arôme de
Bobby~Policier
discretely~discretely
glowering~glowering
teats~trayons
horrendous~horrible
descriptors~descriptors
rippled~ridée
futon's~futon's
hounded~traqués
middlebrow~middlebrow
Riesling~Riesling
intrigue~intrigue
Bernbach's~Bernbach de
oddly~bizarrement
inhumanly~inhumainement
elbowing~elbowing
timberland's~Années timberland
Lowlands~bas-fonds
underlining~soulignement
mole~Môle
unhorses~unhorses
aggregated~agrégée
requital's~requital de
idles~oisifs
brat~gosse
dearer~dearer
roomette~compartiment individuel de wagon-lit
puritanism~puritanisme
paraphernalia's~Attirail de
gormandisers~gormandisers
sewing~couture
dewlap~dewlap
suggestively~suggestivement
forgiver's~forgiver's
magnanimous~magnanime
pederast~pédéraste
Moulton~Moulton
nouns~noms
ripping~déchirure
Arius~Arius
boycott's~boycott de
overridden~substituée
Essie~Essie
screamed~hurlé
plosive~consonne occlusive
yogurts~yogourts
apprenticeship's~apprentissage de
hank~hank
resealing~refermeture
shushing~shushing
going~going
sleeper's~dormeur de
cincture~ceinture
landline's~fixe de
seaplane~hydravion
villi~villosités
turtleneck's~col roulé de
unbounded~sans bornes
funeral~funeral
levelness~planéité
solver's~Années solveur
laciest~laciest
herpetology~herpétologie
dolled~dolled
bond's~Bond
tiresomeness's~tiresomeness de
orderliness~discipline
profiles~profils
January~janvier
aim's~objectif de
matriarchy's~matriarcat de
horoscope's~horoscope de
bldg~Bldg
purebred~de race
flamer~flamer
angelic~angélique
squalidly~squalidly
Minerva's~Minerva de
spermicide~spermicide
lungfish~lungfish
breadwinner's~Années soutien de famille
prerecords~préenregistre
megalithic~mégalithique
Greenpeace's~Greenpeace de
cubism's~cubism's
tinkers~chaudronniers
Rabelaisian's~de rabelaisien
rambunctiousness~rambunctiousness
curiosities~curiosities
Veda~Veda
canon~canon
ASL's~ASL de
unapproved~non approuvé
sonorousness's~sonoréité de
yarrow's~Yarrow de
Firestone's~Firestone de
crusted~crusted
pity's~pitié de
disproved~disproved
hound's~chien de chasse des années
reprocessed~retraitée
orchestrating~orchestrer
disinter~disinter
demos~demos
petulant~irritable
doorstops~doorstops
veggieburger~Burger végétarien
brilliance's~brillance de
carpenters~charpentiers
profoundness's~de profondeur
vulcanised~vulcanisée
guttier~guttier
kumquat~kumquat
technique~technique
Janissary~Janissaire
bisexuality~bisexualité
placed~mis
peruke~perruque
removers~dissolvants
ordinaries~Ordinaires
prey~proie
parent~parent
zeroth~zeroth
routed~routé
Pequot's~Pequot de
godparent~godparent
sidesteps~pieds latéraux
German~allemand
hydra's~hydra de
pillar~pilier
sublimest~sublimest
lightheartedness's~de lightheartedness
guardsman's~guardsman's
Lankan~sri
chummiest~chummiest
massif~massif
jenny's~jenny de
Toynbee~Toynbee
muscat's~muscat de
endgames~endgames
ephemera~ephemera
superabundance~surabondance
jerkin~justaucorps
goofiness~goofiness
rezoning~modification du zonage
Barker~Aboyeur
Janine~Janine
varlet~Varlet
Shaula~Shaula
Khrushchev~Khrouchtchev
hemstitch~ourlet
Ovid's~Ovide
billionaires~milliardaires
outburst~explosion
palpitations~palpitations
contemned~contemned
Baxter~Baxter
disqualifies~disqualifies
soirees~soirees
reline~regarnissage
hypothesise~HYPOTHÈSE
nutrition~nutrition
strip's~bandes
Nirenberg~Nirenberg
Xhosa's~Xhosa de
gigahertz's~gigahertz's
brewed~Brassée
Bloomsbury's~Bloomsbury de
seclusion~isolement
Liechtenstein's~Liechtenstein de
centuries~des siècles
cottage's~cottage's
tumultuous~tumultueux
entropy's~entropy's
capons~chapons
infelicitous~malheureux
Hogan's~Hogan
oink~Oink
oligarchic~oligarchique
gyve's~gyve's
dampens~dampens
Virgil~Virgil
nesting~imbrication
Hatteras~Hatteras
debatable~debatable
parser~analyseur
dynamism's~dynamism's
begonia's~Années bégonias
shrieks~cris
outfielder~voltigeur
ships~navires
hallelujahs~hallelujahs
gestapos~gestapos
desegregated~desegregated
nonuser's~nonuser de
chopper's~chopper de
flagstones~flagstones
petting~caresse
tallowy~suiffeux
Lagrange~Lagrange
wallop's~gros coup de
deactivation~deactivation
ashy~cendré
retardant's~retardateur de
Fillmore's~Fillmore de
groomsman's~groomsman's
plimsolls~plimsolls
reddening~rougissant
daylight's~daylight's
egomaniacs~egomaniacs
pensiveness~pensiveness
nondairy~non laitière
Browning's~Browning
Annette~Annette
preambling~preambling
Saskatchewan's~SASKATCHEWAN
dearth's~dearth's
urbanity~urbanité
ravishing~ravissant
undeveloped~non développé
metabolic~métabolique
Terr~Terr
honk's~Années Cornez
web~toile
Elaine's~Elaine
perambulation's~de perambulation
enplanes~enplanes
Ila~Ila
convex~convex
snowfield~snowfield
Jeff~Jeff
ob~ob
translation~Traduction
undersecretary's~de sous-secrétaire
beefs~beefs
Be's~Soyez de
McKinley's~McKinley de
spiv~chevalier d'industrie
fulsomeness~fulsomeness
armouring~blindage
grungy~grungy
faces~faces
diplomatic~diplomatic
Grosz's~Grosz de
Mohorovicic~Mohorovicic
cellulose's~cellulose de
bezels~biseaux
whorish~whorish
burgeon~bourgeon
feudalism's~feudalism's
breech's~culasse de
rebut~réfuter
stuffier~stuffier
exultant~exultant
hospital's~hôpital
sarcasms~sarcasmes
berg's~berg de
serapes~serapes
Disneyland~Disneyland
archaism~archaïsme
precipitant~précipitant
Austen's~Austen
fumigation's~fumigation's
palisades~Palisades
Ortega's~Ortega de
sawdust~sciure
subtenancy's~de sous-location
presumable~présumable
stimuli~stimuli
Reese's~Reese
dapper~dapper
misprinted~maculé
indispensability's~de indispensabilité
haughtily~hautainement
Tracy~Tracy
Humvee's~Humvee de
lipread~lire sur les lèvres
unroll~dérouler
default's~default's
Mauryan~Maurya
sadomasochism~sadomasochisme
scheming~intrigant
refurnishes~refurnishes
Bries~Bries
unreasonableness's~déraison de
radioscopy~radioscopie
curtailing~curtailing
convoyed~convoyed
prodding~aiguillon
martingale~martingale
chandlers~Avitaillement
risers~risers
quells~réprime
senate's~SENAT
apologetic~apologétique
amputees~amputés
hummer's~hummer de
buttock~fesse
locomotion's~de locomotion
nausea~la nausée
reburying~réinhumation
straiten~rétrécir
foobar~foobar
clobbering~clobbering
Ashmolean's~Années Ashmolean
prayerful~pieux
jar's~pot de
acquisition's~acquisition de
consonant's~les consonnes
resubmits~resoumet
almshouse~maison de charité
survives~survit
powder~poudre
gambolled~gambolled
capon~chapon
comeliness's~de comeliness
kingpin's~de cheville ouvrière
wormy~véreux
passim~passim
racket~raquette
endemically~endemically
perspiration~transpiration
corroborator~corroborator
convoy's~convoy's
commented~a commenté
Jerusalem~Jérusalem
embryological~embryological
Texan~Texan
isinglass's~Années ichtyocolle
skillet's~poêle de
congress~congrès
amendable~amendable
brontosaurs~brontosaures
arbitraging~arbitrages
soever~soever
Dorothy~Dorothy
Bavarian~Bavière
IED~IED
coating~enrobage
fairy's~fairy's
unscrambles~déchiffre
DAT~DAT
floweriness's~floweriness's
Hesse's~Hesse de
gushed~gushed
alienist's~de aliéniste
buss's~Buss de
flourishes~flourishes
lessor's~bAILLEUR
Moorish's~années mauresque
necklace~Collier
oinks~oinks
antenna~antenne
coccyx~coccyx
Balaton's~Balaton de
typographer~typographe
dive's~dive's
tosses~lancers
humidifies~humidifie
pollute~polluer
Juggernaut~Juggernaut
Beadle~Bedeau
semiarid~semiarid
prognosticate~pronostiquer
shinny~shinny
Kalevala~Kalevala
hangup's~hangup's
monk~moine
sixpence~sixpence
economise~economise
precociousness's~précocité de
flophouse~flophouse
Lenin~Lénine
debate's~debate's
Angelico~Angelico
Turpin~Turpin
thew's~muscles
holocaust~holocauste
tenancies~location à usage
gypsum~gypsum
ejaculating~ejaculating
deputy~deputy
godlessly~godlessly
plumage~plumage
jackstraw~jackstraw
historian~historien
brigand's~Années brigand
demurral's~demurral's
archly~malicieusement
textbooks~manuels
modernism's~du modernisme
Stuart's~Stuart
italicised~italiques
mourn~faire le deuil
nonbreakable~incassable
interchangeable~interchangeable
croaks~croaks
desalinated~desalinated
geology's~geology's
outhits~outhits
exculpates~exculpates
Wilfredo's~Wilfredo de
eland's~eland's
relists~relists
misguidance~égarement
hoyden~garçon manqué
dimwit's~dimwit's
invented~a inventé
horrifically~épouvantablement
lily's~Lily
reupholster~reupholster
Margarito~Margarito
dissident's~dissident's
banter~plaisanter
lath's~Années lattis
underweight's~insuffisance pondérale de
pacy~Pacy
peregrination~pérégrination
weren't~ne sont pas
disorienting~disorienting
depolarised~depolarised
unquoting~unquoting
hedges~les haies
mewled~miaula
disaffiliation's~disaffiliation's
roux~Roux
reabsorbed~réabsorbé
anchorage's~ancrage de
Rankin's~Rankin de
mages~mages
burgher~citoyen
Lilia's~Lilia de
canter~petit galop
getup~getup
surveyor~arpenteur
mistakable~mistakable
implementable~implémentable
Tuscon~Tuscon
simplistic~simpliste
womanlike's~womanlike de
outsell~mieux se vendre que
enlightenment~enlightenment
Kasparov's~Kasparov de
duel~duel
deaden~deaden
flashiness~flashiness
gribbles~gribbles
PG~PG
retrospective's~la rétrospective
resourced~ressources suffisantes
reinstating~réintégrant
crimson~crimson
extinguished~extinguished
backfiring~pétarade
lapdogs~bichons
retrieve~récupérer
turtles~tortues
whittler~whittler
Burundian~Burundi
signified~signifié
mediates~médie
hack's~hack's
aggrandised~aggrandised
thorniness's~Épines de
interrogator~interrogateur
isomer~isomère
intermixing~entremêlement
invokes~invoque
nasalisation's~nasalisation de
hilariousness~hilariousness
bleeder's~de bleeder
waterboard~waterboard
prequels~préquelles
blockbusters~blockbusters
apologists~apologistes
Platonism~platonisme
Hartman's~Hartman
Harry~harceler
porkies~porkies
Hellenize's~helléniser de
lymphoid~lymphoïde
lisps~lisps
softback~softback
wounded~blessés
bastardising~bastardising
plumpest~plus gras
metros~metros
genuflection's~genuflection's
calcimine's~calcimine de
encouragements~encouragements
nurser's~de nurser
distillate~distillate
churchgoing's~de pratique religieuse
gashed~gashed
bikes~vélos
tawniest~tawniest
Ubangi~Ubangi
stinker~salaud
Trudeau~Trudeau
dreaminess~dreaminess
ironed~repassé
whooshing~grincement
tram~tram
educated~educated
thriftiness's~de frugalité
elasticity~elasticity
websites~sites Internet
paperless~sans papiers
flunks~flunks
tubercles~tubercules
Maronite's~maronite de
whits~whits
instructor~instructeur
Althea~Althea
minuscules~minuscules
Danubian~danubienne
Carr's~Carr
Webern~Webern
VDU~VDU
cutter's~cutter's
twixt~Twixt
ecology~ecology
exact~exact
penuriousness~lésinerie
mucking~déblayage
dinginess~dinginess
orangeade~orangeade
Ivanhoe's~Ivanhoé de
scrapes~écorchures
bridged~ponté
dogwoods~dogwoods
Hals~Hals
inharmonious~inharmonieux
hijacked~pris en otage
boyhoods~boyhoods
slingback~escarpin-sandale
shrive~confesser et absoudre
postulate's~postulat de
saturating~saturante
sacrilegious~sacrilège
babels~Babels
mulligatawny's~mulligatawny de
smartness's~smartness de
gnaw~gnaw
woods~les bois
shoetree's~embauchoir de
deluging~deluging
forceps~forceps
hulls~coques
expostulations~expostulations
trebles~combis
bursitis~hygroma
woodies~Woodies
composite's~matériaux composites
ab~un B
muskiest~muskiest
caved~affaissé
wasting~gaspillage
alphabetisations~alphabetisations
overbore~était subjuguée
widowed~devenue veuve
phenomenon~phénomène
Socorro's~Socorro de
mayoralty's~mairie de
proliferated~proliféré
Carole's~Carole de
feeling~feeling
refectories~réfectoires
litigating~plaidant
facade's~facade's
paragliding~parapente
instigation's~instigation de
beatniks~beatniks
Madonnas~madones
trooper~soldat de cavalerie
facade~facade
excoriate~excoriate
dis's~dis's
entomb~entomb
Condillac's~Condillac de
chuckles~gloussements
anthropomorphise~anthropomorphiser
chaplaincy's~de l'aumônerie
sables~zibelines
oxen~bœufs
augustest~augustest
technocratic~technocratique
brill~barbue
cassette~cassette
antiquities~antiquités
Rankine's~Rankine de
Boeing's~Boeing
carsickness's~de carsickness
juror's~membre du jury de
twentieth~vingtième
pinion~pignon
Daedalus's~Dédale de
yarmulke~yarmulke
stateswoman's~de femme d'Etat
gaming~gaming
cacti~cactus
Quakerism~Quakers
sarcastic~sarcastique
opal's~opale de
Art~Art
querulousness~querulousness
satiated~rassasié
clock~l'horloge
wisecrack~sarcasme
selects~sélectionne
masochism~masochisme
indexed~indexé
hippopotamus~hippopotame
sagacity~sagacité
Cyrano's~Cyrano
canonise~canoniser
retrofiring~retrofiring
Zamboni~Zamboni
bock~bock
activist's~activiste de
punchy~dynamique
protectionists~protectionistes
lust~luxure
tunnelling~tunnel
expert~expert
decides~decides
MT~MT
Dis~Dis
paradox's~Le paradoxe de
enrages~enrages
antisemitic~antisémite
visions~visions
Peloponnese~Péloponnèse
ecology's~ecology's
demobilised~demobilised
profitability's~la rentabilité de
commoner~roturier
wampum's~de wampum
bitumen~bitume
Danubian's~danubienne de
Tallinn~Tallinn
bottleneck's~goulot d'étranglement de
braise~braiser
Nigerians~Nigérians
Richard~Richard
Chevy's~Chevy
opossums~opossums
overestimation's~surévaluation de
tautologies~tautologies
Tod's~Tod
elbows~elbows
bribers~corrupteurs
academe~université
resoles~résols
transducers~transducteurs
privatisation~privatisation
yowl~hurler
barbarism~barbarisme
slimness~minceur
preparedness's~la préparation de
teakettles~bouilloires
pruned~élagué
chariness~prudence
slenderises~slenderises
castrates~castrés
shrivel~se ratatiner
alienate~aliéner
idle's~est inactif
grads~grads
lightninged~lightninged
autonomously~de façon autonome
ff~ff
cuffed~cuffed
thanes~thanes
excepted~excepted
roadblocking~roadblocks
motorcyclists~motocyclistes
Guatemalans~Guatémaltèques
reattain~reattain
vicars~vicaires
forewoman's~forewoman's
pretties~Pretties
relentlessness's~de implacabilité
apiaries~ruchers
fictionalises~fictionalises
prioress~prieure
matchboxes~boîtes d'allumettes
Elway's~Elway de
urbanology's~urbanologie de
coordinate's~coordinate's
colonelcy~colonelcy
martingale's~martingale de
Oneal~Oneal
Modigliani's~modigliani de
pillagers~pillards
perfectionism~perfectionnisme
seventeenths~septièmes
sinuosity~sinuosité
Shockley~Shockley
heehawed~heehawed
anonymity's~l'anonymat de
masquerade~mascarade
Michele~Michele
call~appel
Sabin's~Sabin
Perm's~Années Perm
granddaddy~granddaddy
Tubman~Tubman
devoted~devoted
pacified~pacifiée
Sanger's~Sanger de
wittily~avec beaucoup d'esprit
reconsigning~réexpéditions
whooper's~Années whooper
shamanism~chamanisme
transgresses~transgresse
decimetre's~decimetre's
savageries~sauvageries
Ontario~Ontario
militiaman's~de milicien
drivel's~drivel's
scrumhalf~demi de mêlée
Everest's~Everest de
curtailed~curtailed
Gentry~Noblesse
rappers~rappeurs
Dvorak~Dvorak
multiverse~multivers
druggy~druggy
navels~nombrils
alternates~alterne
guzzle~guzzle
derivations~derivations
searing~Fournaise
exacerbated~exacerbated
geothermal~geothermal
Liberia's~Libéria de
mist's~brouillard de
disputants~disputants
mansards~mansardes
Monsieur's~Monsieur de
accented~accentués
yachting's~yachting de
ACLU~ACLU
mouthiness~mouthiness
bonniest~bonniest
sparred~sparred
puffins~macareux
earnings~earnings
deadlocks~deadlocks
wetback~wetback
scoreboard~tableau de bord
tentativeness's~de expérimentalisme
Puccini's~Puccini
workers~ouvriers
subjectively~subjectivement
batsmen~batteurs
Treasury's~Trésor de
massifs~massifs
alluvial~alluvial
mollusc's~mollusque de
chiropractor's~chiropraticien de
churchwardens~marguilliers
unexampled~sans pareil
protuberance's~protubérance de
pacts~pactes
Vern~vern
shag~baiser
staunched~endiguée
gushers~gushers
draggier~draggier
biannual~semestriel
inhabitant's~habitant de
disliked~disliked
wizard~sorcier
potboiler~œuvre alimentaire
Windhoek's~Windhoek de
bipedal~bipède
invitees~invitees
Porfirio~Porfirio
porcelain's~porcelaine de
residence~résidence
correlation's~correlation's
carpenter~Charpentier
muster~rassemblement
Nestor's~Nestor
halyards~halyards
laughing~en riant
aught~aught
comestibles~produits comestibles
miniskirts~minijupes
spotless~impeccable
Andersen~Andersen
glimmering~glimmering
enchantresses~enchantresses
garbled~garbled
grungier~grungier
statuary~statuaire
swiftness~rapidité
quaintest~quaintest
docked~docked
unlivable~invivables
sleazebag~sleazebag
tiller's~barre de
supporting~justificatif
audibles~audiofuns
blaming~blâmer
Naples's~Années Naples
marginalization's~la marginalisation de
Altai~Altai
inoculated~vacciné
espying~espying
temerity~témérité
glaceed~glaceed
fashionista's~fashionista's
barbed~barbelé
doing~doing
montages~montages
lucratively~lucrativement
Marne's~Marne de
ram's~ram de
invigorate~revigorer
fisticuffs~fisticuffs
inevitability's~inéluctabilité de
sympathises~sympathise
unutterably~indiciblement
cuppas~cuppas
tribal~tribal
whipcord's~whipcord de
middles~carrures
fronting~fronting
gazumps~gazumps
dankest~dankest
conch~conque
resorption~résorption
dang~dang
Jungfrau's~Jungfrau de
giggler~giggler
achieve~atteindre
graven~graven
enthuse~enthuse
Alan's~d'Alan
abrogates~effet de porter
usable~utilisable
feud's~feud's
unitary~unitaire
wardrobe's~garde-robe de
bicycle~vélo
cinchonas~quinquinas
Beowulf~Beowulf
pastimes~passe-temps
hatches~trappes
Hosea~Osée
rejoinder's~réplique de
Ferrari's~Ferrari
money's~l'argent de
aristocratic~aristocratique
enervation~enervation
trillionths~milliardièmes
predetermine~prédéterminer
degenerate's~degenerate's
customers~customers
treetops~cime des arbres
nacelles~nacelles
genome's~genome's
mod's~mod de
pauper~pauvre
bandwidths~bandes passantes
Cotopaxi's~Années Cotopaxi
schizophrenia~schizophrénie
parboiling~étuvage
boyfriends~petits amis
Tet's~Têt de
unalterable~inaltérable
fossilises~fossilises
lightfaced~lightfaced
Mars's~Mars de
mumbles~marmonne
expatiate~expatiate
packages~paquets
fornicate~fornicate
aeroplane's~avions
transparent~transparent
murkiest~plus trouble
Milton~Milton
ergonomics's~ergonomics's
oppressor's~oppresseur de
cofferdam~batardeau
workroom's~de salle de travail
notability's~de notabilité
upstroke's~upstroke de
supplier~fournisseur
pine's~pins
outhouses~toilettes sèches
ambient~ambiant
requester~demandeur
Ray~Rayon
stableman's~de palefrenier
tandoori~tandoori
fettle~fettle
schoolroom~salle de classe
watchdogs~chiens de garde
Zionisms~Zionisms
nonbelievers~incroyants
astronautics's~Années astronautique
amorously~amorously
congenital~congénital
Mussolini~Mussolini
plasters~plâtres
void~vide
backpedalled~fait marche arrière
auk~pingouin
landlady~propriétaire
brooders~éleveuses
backlogged~backlogged
suddenness's~de soudaineté
potshots~canarder
privacy's~vie privée
Kurdistan~Kurdistan
neared~approchions
primer's~primaire de
maestro~maestro
trauma~traumatisme
spawned~engendré
Begin~Commencer
nibs~grué
inductees~intronisés
backbone~colonne vertébrale
twilled~sergé
reverenced~révéré
barterer~barterer
displaces~displaces
milled~broyé
formations~formations
Chopin's~Chopin
categories~catégories
solidus's~solidus de
soiled~souillé
unconcealed~non dissimulée
beholders~beholders
tinkle's~tintement de
iciness~iciness
gentile~gentile
intricately~complexe
incompetency~inhabilité
Beverley's~Beverley de
contrails~contrails
dower's~dower's
barman~barman
tufting~capitonnage
accustoms~accoutume
Ellison's~Ellison
tormenting~torturant
hubby's~mon mari de
roomiest~roomiest
Kroger's~Kroger
Kellogg~Kellogg
how'd~Comment as
floor's~floor's
salients~saillants
Cullen~Cullen
Ky's~Ky de
commission's~commissions
levies~prélèvements
ghat~ghat
Revelations's~révélations de
Sanger~Sanger
taser's~Taser de
Cage~Cage
Maritza~Maritza
belittlement's~de rabaissement
torn~déchiré
phosphate's~de phosphate
Lina~Lina
meadows~prés
solemnisation's~de solennisation
peculator~concussionnaire
upraises~upraises
chinstraps~jugulaires
score's~Le score de
eraser's~eraser's
Hewitt's~Hewitt
lordliest~lordliest
gayest~gayest
gelignite~gelignite
defies~defies
lovableness~amabilité
wising~Wising
definiteness's~definiteness's
configures~configure
lofts~lofts
Rotarian's~Années rotariens
riding~équitation
pupil~élève
neurasthenia~neurasthénie
telephonic~téléphonique
prattling~babillage
tenderiser's~attendrisseur de
Berkshire~Berkshire
lix~lix
allegories~allégories
concomitantly~de façon concomitante
immerse~immerger
convalesced~convalesced
scratching~scratch
convergence's~convergence's
sanely~sanely
floundered~floundered
hooray~hourra
shantung~shantoung
freeing~freeing
Cline~Cline
memorialised~memorialised
Kinko's~Kinko
moulding's~moulage de
pureness~pureté
Schliemann's~Schliemann de
companionways~coursives
piste~piste
manumits~manumits
pulsates~pulse
reference's~les références
barbell's~barbell de
manliest~manliest
wickeder~Wickeder
deliverable~deliverable
Klan~Klan
Mayo's~Mayo de
telecommunication~télécommunication
Fosse~Fosse
cobbling~cordonnerie
antivivisectionists~vivisection
eyeglass~eyeglass
bondage~esclavage
Sybil~Sybil
constitutional~constitutionnel
bogie's~bogie de
strikebreaking~briseurs de grève
verbosity's~verbosité de
proboscises~proboscide
perspicaciously~perspicacité
dictator's~dictator's
gratify~gratify
Laurence's~Laurence de
hotheadedness's~de fougue
incendiaries~bombes incendiaires
objectivity~objectivité
interfering~intervenant
hearer's~de allocutaire
routines~routines
unbiased~impartial
forbidding~forbidding
mumbletypeg's~mumbletypeg de
greengage~greengage
hypertrophying~hypertrophiante
Halifax's~Halifax de
whirlybirds~Whirlybirds
sniveller~sniveller
linens~linge de maison
delphiniums~delphiniums
overbooks~surréservation
skirted~longé
platform's~plate-forme
adulated~adulées
plummet's~fil à plomb de
Ikhnaton's~Ikhnaton de
summations~sommations
avoidably~évitables
Menes~Menes
Cavendish~Cavendish
classic's~classique de
stragglier~stragglier
milliners~modistes
less's~moins de
consumer~consumer
ballyhooing~ballyhooing
certifying~certification
astringent~astringent
munitions~munitions
swede~Suédois
himself~lui-même
Charlestons~Charlestons
bulletined~par bulletin
patience's~de la patience
portion's~partie de
while's~tandis que celui
prison~prison
PMs~PMs
stem~tige
Wahhabi's~wahhabites de
poppa's~Poppa de
stymie~entrave
employee~employee
scythe~faux
remount~remonter sur
abjurer's~abjurer de
ally's~allié de
AFT~AFT
ionised~ionisée
fetishes~fetishes
irascible~irascible
Tuscany's~Toscane de
Lucio~Lucio
airfield~aérodrome
pompano's~pompano de
gabbing~gabbing
lightly~légèrement
ministries~ministères
hormonal~hormonal
logo's~Le logo de
quot~quot
Tupperware~Tupperware
Loyola~Loyola
abductors~abducteurs
scurrility~grossièreté
Jasper's~Jasper
provoker~provocatrice
elementally~elementally
pontoon's~ponton de
sketchiness~sketchiness
dictate~dictate
lunchroom's~de salle à manger
childproofing~Pour protéger les enfants
perfidy's~perfidie de
Libby's~Libby de
slopping~slopping
Pomona's~Pomona de
Douro's~Douro de
decentralises~decentralises
peaking~pic
malingerer~faux malade
shores~rives
stitched~cousu
heartbreak~peine d'amour
essential~essential
glutton's~glutton's
circumnavigates~circumnavigates
unselfish~généreux
Shari'a's~Shari'a de
Rawalpindi~Rawalpindi
prosperously~prospérant
Mauricio's~Mauricio de
buzzard's~Buzzard de
expats~expats
mollifying~apaisant
crosspatch's~crosspatch's
deflectors~deflectors
Dijon's~Dijon de
tiddler~tiddler
molehill's~taupinière de
executing~executing
annoyingly~fâcheusement
Dennis's~Dennis de
dines~dines
postwar~après la guerre
demolish~demolish
conferrable~conferrable
mayoralty~mandat de maire
transmogrification's~de Transmogrification
lattice's~treillis de
rereading~relisant
egoistic~egoistic
motorbike's~moto de
phoebes~phoebes
analogous~analogue
propounding~propager la
coroners~coroners
dispatch~dispatch
antacid's~Années antiacides
Pontchartrain~Pontchartrain
sympathisers~sympathisants
Bertha~Berthe
take~prendre
prefect~préfet
exfoliating~exfoliating
predictable~prévisible
doldrums~doldrums
selective~sélectif
demitasse's~demitasse's
Garry~Garry
bulls~taureaux
mat~tapis
fax~fax
camper's~Les campeurs
primaries~rémiges primaires
unhealthily~maladivement
slaloms~slalome
wiles~Wiles
blandishments~flatteries
TKO~TKO
intersections~intersections
ravening~vorace
hibiscus's~hibiscus de
regimenting~enrégimenter
Luxembourger's~luxembourgeoise de
babysits~Babysits
jean's~jeans
Potts's~Potts de
plasterboard~placoplâtre
stair's~escaliers
Gospel~Gospel
tantaliser's~tantaliser de
shucked~écaillées
beaked~beaked
asphodel~asphodèle
Livy's~Tite-Live de
submersible~submersible
checkoff~Cochez
interruptions~interruptions
oracles~oracles
Vietnam's~VIETNAM
tandem~tandem
circularising~circularising
psycho~psycho
attires~attires
twaddle~fadaises
Atreus~Atrée
chundering~chundering
Electra's~Electra de
Thieu's~Thieu
subzero~subzero
legislates~légifère
arbitrates~arbitre
SUSE~SUSE
inefficacy's~de l'inefficacité
experimenter's~experimenter's
Macedonia's~Macédoine de
prided~enorgueilli
crackerjack's~crackerjack's
Messiaen~Messiaen
bitters's~Années bitters
mananas~Mananas
unsocial~insociable
Tomlin's~Tomlin de
inexpert~inexpert
imagine~imaginer
shaggier~shaggier
Eichmann's~Eichmann
pneumatically~pneumatiquement
badness~méchanceté
gorge's~gorge's
cogwheel~roue dentée
drainers~drainers
therefore~donc
parings~rognures
tenthly~dixièmement
slowed~ralenti
sweeteners~édulcorants
IKEA~IKEA
petty~petit
CBS~CBS
Bermudians~Bermudiens
humanists~humanistas
baptiser's~baptiseur de
bestsellers~best-sellers
popover~popover
amnion~amnios
aubergines~aubergines
Chung's~Chung
rationale's~raison de
mudslinging~dénigrement
vigorously~vigoureusement
deodoriser~deodoriser
rebutting~réfutant
reflexive's~de réflexifs
inexhaustibly~inépuisablement
satchel~cartable
freehold's~freehold's
rutty~Rutty
salon's~salon de
Woodard's~woodard de
sandbank~banc de sable
statecraft~habileté politique
jerky's~saccadé de
dyslectics~dyslectics
armchairs~les fauteuils
Alphard~Alphard
mounter's~Mounter de
wrongdoings~actes répréhensibles
payout's~paiement de
profit~profit
llano~Llano
togas~toges
conformable~conformable
politico's~politico- de
reincarnating~réincarner
adjuster~ajusteur
Alabamian's~Années Alabamian
goutier~goutier
eruption~eruption
evolves~evolves
canvasback's~de canvasback
decree's~decree's
scrapheap~tas de ferraille
Phillip~Phillip
Leta's~Leta de
overclouding~overclouding
Wovoka~Wovoka
electricity~electricity
dauntless~dauntless
fiddly~fiddly
undercharges~-perçu
Brenton~Brenton
Jean~en jean
accountancy's~de la comptabilité
brashest~brashest
outsides~outsides
bumpkins~bouseux
burnoose~burnous
amnesic~amnésique
emfs~emfs
Penney~Penney
interdiction's~interdiction de
gauging~gauging
vespers~vêpres
stepparent~parent de l'étape
strudel's~Années strudel
forceps's~forceps's
boonies's~Années Boonies
reversion's~retour de
mulish~têtu
postmodern~post-moderne
shiner's~Shiner de
keen~vif
oviparous~ovipare
transfixed~transpercé
dent~dent
calumniated~calomnié
NASDAQ's~NASDAQ de
encircles~encircles
racer's~coureur de
taxed~taxée
presentation~présentation
OB~OB
Barbadian~barbadienne
lifting~levage
transposed~transposée
magnetometer~magnétomètre
sieges~sieges
equivocators~equivocators
forehand~forehand
magnesia~magnésie
dioxide~dioxide
finches~finches
highway~Autoroute
omelette~omelette
squelched~squelch
Meir~Meir
valvular~valvulaire
matrimony's~le mariage de
Bowditch's~Bowditch de
Ronald~Ronald
sentences~Phrases
parallel~parallèle
skateboarded~skateboarded
tad's~peu de
conflagrations~conflagrations
ratter~ratier
meeting's~de réunion
grizzles~grizzles
gentlefolk~gentlefolk
tress~boucle de cheveux
bye~au revoir
godson's~godson's
zany's~loufoque de
micrometre~micrométrique
gobbledegook's~gobbledegook's
competently~avec compétence
bleeped~bleeped
carve~tailler
truncation~troncature
Crow's~Corbeaux
novelists~romanciers
tenderest~tendre
adheres~adhère
rummaged~fouilla
Brad~clou de tapissier
lads~garçons
zap's~ZAP
Aquitaine's~Aquitaine de
Weizmann's~Weizmann de
wracking~wracking
inhering~inhérant
sumo~sumo
mommies~mommies
ampersand~esperluette
multiplicities~multiplicités
shirk~se dérober
burlap's~années toile de jute
casts~moulages
kiln's~four de
mania's~la manie de
monstrances~ostensoirs
archway's~Archway de
fiddlesticks~fiddlesticks
outnumbering~surpassant
August's~août de
internists~internistes
squabbles~chamailleries
Restoration's~restauration de
unwed~non mariée
marked~marqué
etchings~etchings
peatier~peatier
Verizon's~Verizon
slacks's~pantalons de
taillight's~feux arrières
aggregate~agrégat
Tony~Tony
indelicacies~indélicatesses
hooligan's~Hooligan de
puniness~chétivité
Marylou's~Marylou de
ironwoods~Ironwoods
bohemians~bohèmes
Cristina~Cristina
needlepoint's~needlepoint de
multitude~multitude
Swazi's~Swazi de
eyelets~eyelets
panama's~pANAMA
sitarist~sitarist
divined~divined
sappiness~mièvrerie
junker's~Junker de
lock's~verrouillage de
suffocation~suffocation
handpicks~handpicks
overfly~survoler
aerialists~trapézistes
meccas~meccas
anchorpersons~présentateurs
resew~recoudre
Burger~Burger
bounded~délimité
artery's~artère de
Hinduisms~hindouistes
reproductions~reproductions
Rafael~Rafael
reprobate's~de réprouvé
Theocritus~Théocrite
baize's~Années serge
spangling~spangling
ladybug~coccinelle
xxv~xxv
applicability's~applicabilité de
hyperparathyroidism~hyperparathyroïdie
protactinium's~protactinium de
climber's~grimpeur de
firebrick's~firebrick's
colonies~colonies
rightness~justesse
fifteenth's~fifteenth's
stuffiness's~de manque d'air
Deena~Deena
disusing~disusing
Alcyone's~Alcyone de
Casals~Casals
Kristine's~Kristine de
depreciation~depreciation
biathlon's~Biathlon
metalwork's~travail du metal
calumnies~calomnies
Browne~Browne
miscounting~mécomptes
copywriter's~copywriter's
Bermudas~Bermudas
Tinseltown's~Tinseltown de
sunniness~ensoleillement
Christie's~Christie
kraal~kraal
Saks~Saks
jew~Juif
Shanghai~Shanghai
typewriting's~de dactylographique
directionless~directionless
postgraduate~de troisième cycle
jam's~confitures
backspace's~backspace de
Cayman's~Cayman de
recommissioning~recommissioning
Tex~Texas
diddles~diddles
song's~Chansons
wholeheartedness~wholeheartedness
Deng~Deng
Yugoslavians~Yougoslaves
parameter's~paramètres
unopposed~sans opposition
thrusts~coups
correlating~correlating
wakefully~wakefully
reliever's~Années soulageur
scruffier~scruffier
overacting~overacting
depredation~depredation
jackpot's~jackpot de
might~pourrait
Frankel's~Frankel de
hummock~monticule
Swiss~Suisse
hymnbook~livre de messe
systematise~systématiser
apprehensively~craintivement
antiseptic's~antiseptique de
wretch's~scélérat de
Hindenburg~Hindenburg
rafted~radeau
Koran's~Coran de
orient~Orient
sloshed~bourré
unoffensive~unoffensive
driers~driers
teapots~théières
fracas~fracas
muddles~embrouilles
sculptor's~sculpteur de
harems~harems
rugrat's~de rugrat
anise~anis
zetas~zetas
parenthesis~parenthèse
taxi's~Taxis
tacking~virement de bord
antis~antis
guillemots~guillemots
tiptoed~la pointe des pieds
illuminates~allume
gerrymander's~gerrymander's
designated~designated
servility's~de servilisme
crudeness's~crudeness's
sidesaddle's~de sidesaddle
expertise's~expertise's
Suzette's~Suzette de
knows~sait
enlargement~enlargement
prophylactic~prophylactique
cragginess~cragginess
mismanagement's~la mauvaise gestion de
casehardened~casehardened
decaffeinates~decaffeinates
incisively~incisive
fraternising~fraternising
notarial~notarié
favourable~favourable
Jarrod~Jarrod
cognisance's~connaissance de
blabbered~blabbered
peccary's~pécari de
highlighter~surligneur
Cambrians~Cambriens
wherefores~wherefores
optimal~optimal
rationally~rationnellement
manifolded~à collecteurs
incidences~incidences
defames~defames
gazing~gazing
academe's~le monde universitaire de
remaster~remaster
enshrouding~enshrouding
niffy~niffy
Marius~Marius
oneness~unité
warmblooded~à sang chaud
multiplying~multiplier
harrying~harcelant
geodesic~geodesic
desiccator's~desiccator's
parsonage~presbytère
plop~ploc
Waldorf's~Waldorf de
ensconce~ensconce
capitols~capitols
CBS's~CBS
Millay~Millay
jonquil~jonquille
mincemeat's~hachis est
fashioner's~fashioner's
intersection's~intersection de
plangency~plaintif
nauseate~écœurer
kahuna~Kahuna
exorcise~exorcise
wanness~pâleur
impermeability~imperméabilité
Rom~ROM
Messerschmidt's~Messerschmidt de
antidote's~antidote de
plagiarise~plagier
scalier~scalier
incestuousness's~de incestueuse
Yunnan's~Yunnan
minibike~minimoto
continuum~continuum
folded~folded
Aldan~Aldan
navigates~Navigue
beefiness's~de beefiness
metalanguages~métalangages
Wisconsinites~Wisconsinites
designing's~designing's
subsystem's~sous-système de ce
chapter~chapitre
ewes~ewes
Murillo's~Murillo de
colours~couleurs
Fletcher~Fletcher
Cayman~Cayman
cantonments~cantonnements
falsification's~falsification's
hedger's~Hedger de
puckishness~puckishness
Hoosier's~Hoosier de
noiseless~sans bruit
sternness's~de sternness
Sancho~Sancho
portaging~portaging
amphitheatres~amphithéâtres
reexamine~réexaminer
ranee's~Ranee de
popularise~populariser
banqueter~personne qui est invitée au banquet
sated~repu
corpus~corpus
symbolical~symbolique
actresses~actrices
Loews~Loews
costarred~costarred
dislodge~dislodge
bloodsucking~hématophages
decathlon's~decathlon's
attics~mansardes
fistulous~fistulous
underpayment~sous-paiement
fortune's~fortune's
invitee's~de invitee
clews~clews
Malibu's~Malibu de
sloucher~Sloucher
conjugation~conjugaison
scarceness's~de scarceness
champers~champers
unstinting~sans faille
Crystal~Cristal
artists~artistes
fieriest~fieriest
fits~fits
meteoroid~météoroïdes
audiovisual~audio-visuel
lite~Lite
invincibly~invinciblement
Angeline~Angeline
carjacking~carjacking
olden~vieux
inamorata's~Années Inamorata
RC~RC
Ceylon's~Ceylan de
Giorgione's~Giorgione
scabies's~de la gale
relents~relents
canteens~cantines
opiate~opiacé
suppressor~antiparasite
alluringly~ridant
reorganised~réorganisée
sarnies~sarnies
browsing~navigation
tawdrily~tawdrily
louvred~paralume
Camelopardalis's~Années Camelopardalis
homeopathy's~de l'homéopathie
metrication's~de métrication
fawner's~fawner's
snowbird~Snowbird
appetiser's~amuse-gueule de
Jeanne's~de Jeanne
Booker~Booker
Kanpur's~Kanpur de
peers~pairs
scenes~scènes
mesdemoiselles~mesdemoiselles
croquettes~croquettes
goshawks~goshawks
Sargasso~Sargasses
Kuznetsk's~Kuznetsk de
numerating~numéroteurs
arthropods~arthropodes
mintage~monnayage
perfect's~notes parfaites
waverers~hésitants
dentures~dentures
renumbering~renumérotation
formlessness's~formlessness's
demotivate~demotivate
protectionist's~protectionnistes de
preview~Aperçu
anarchist~anarchiste
trickles~ruisselle
strutting~se pavaner
rainproof~imperméable
advantaged~avantagé
Sally~Sortie
bashing~dénigrement
stigmata~stigmates
racialists~racialistes
figment~figment
pluralist's~de pluralisme
Chilean~chilien
Boniface~Boniface
participial's~participiale de
riches~richesse
unwavering~inébranlable
standpoint's~point de vue de
denials~denials
Fargo's~Fargo de
desire's~desire's
autocracies~autocraties
accessed~accédé
potency's~puissance de
conceiving~concevoir
Freemasonries~Freemasonries
doorknob's~doorknob's
exegesis~exegesis
Faraday~Faraday
fitness~fitness
they~ils
lithest~lithest
revive~relancer
presumptuous~présomptueux
precognitive~précognitive
Vermonter~vermonter
companionship's~compagnie de
blanks~blancs
bemoan~déplorer
Mazama~Mazama
par's~par de
Schopenhauer~Schopenhauer
wedder~wedder
Schrodinger's~Schrödinger
duodecimal~duodecimal
eyeball~eyeball
issuance~émission
fibbing~fibbing
ladder's~échelle de
redundancy's~de redondance
peashooter's~de sarbacane
misplacement~égarée
providers~fournisseurs
appropriations~crédits
turtledoves~tourterelles
leaseback~cession-bail
unreasonable~déraisonnable
stamens~étamines
threshold's~ce seuil
lured~leurré
Limbo~Limbo
sewage~eaux usées
nymph's~nymphe de
larges~larges
overplayed~surjoué
itemisation's~fournir le détail de
cave~la grotte
Janet~Janet
homosexuality~homosexualité
centrifuge~centrifuger
quartermaster's~fourrier de
Dorothy's~Dorothy
Frito~Frito
Mitty's~Mitty de
refiling~nouveau dépôt
sustained~soutenu
slang's~argot de
illustrates~illustre
vipers~vipères
galleons~galleons
gurus~gurus
whoosh's~Années whoosh
odds~chances
infighter's~de infighter
Baltic's~Baltique de
caravansaries~caravansérails
sprucer~resplendissant
pyre~bûcher
enchantingly~enchantingly
unacquainted~inconnu
board's~planches
rescheduling~rééchelonnements
uppercase's~majuscules de
apprises~elle informe
hypertrophies~hypertrophies
cabinetmaking~ébénisterie
lasses~lasses
detraction~detraction
Lamborghini~Lamborghini
retrench~retrancher
tentacled~tentacled
bruin~Bruin
sizeable~non négligeable
transfigured~transfigurée
nationality's~la nationalité de
tasked~chargé
Prakrit~prakrit
jingly~jingly
innumerably~innombrablement
statecraft's~de l'art de gouverner
miscalculate~mal calculer
catalpa~catalpa
propagandise~la propagande de
mobile~mobile
select~sélectionner
Buck's~Buck
Sigurd~Sigurd
dizziness's~dizziness's
Brazos~Brazos
crept~crept
symbolism's~symbolisme de
nationalists~nationalistes
distance~distance
parotid~parotide
gunboat~gunboat
crate~crate
ploughman's~laboureur de
severance's~départ de
grizzle~grizzle
destine~destine
lee's~lie
repulses~répulsions
confreres~confrères
Porto's~Porto de
thwacker's~de thwacker
nursing's~soins infirmiers de
bilious~bilieux
Rubicon~Rubicon
squirts~gicle
Rosella~Rosella
winkles~bigorneaux
similes~similés
expertness~expertness
Arden~Arden
paintwork~peinture
rototiller's~motoculteur de
contriteness's~contriteness's
beseemed~il convenait
grippe~grippe
inmost~dans la plupart
shoot~tirer
cryptogram's~cryptogram's
timorousness~timidité
mackintosh~imperméable
photoengraver~photograveur
bumptious~prétentieux
acquaintance~connaissance
expansionists~expansionists
radically~radicalement
effervescence~effervescence
turnpike~autoroute à péage
suing~poursuivre
rebirth's~la renaissance de
nonequivalents~nonequivalents
recooking~recooking
Arcadian's~Années Arcadie
dizzy~dizzy
unnumbered~sans nombre
doz~doz
volition's~de la volonté
burnoose's~Années burnous
defender~defender
brogue's~de Brogue
tsar's~du tzar
Shreveport's~Shreveport de
scrumping~scrumping
swashbucklers~bretteurs
Sheetrock's~Sheetrock de
salver~plateau
calamity's~calamité de
sniffles~reniflements
rootkits~rootkits
Scotchwomen's~Années Scotchwomen
reconfirmed~reconfirmée
facilitates~facilitates
subpoena~assignation
wobble's~de wobble
penologist's~pénologue de
colostomies~colostomie
joke's~blagues
environmentalists~environmentalists
psychopathology~psychopathologie
superheroes~superhéros
aboveboard~honnête
premising~en prémisse
medals~médailles
Damion's~Damion de
mockingbird~oiseau moqueur
borough~arrondissement
coupling~coupling
shames~hontes
Amtrak's~Amtrak de
implored~imploré
contently~contently
unrolls~déroule
shoddily~shoddily
Clarence's~Clarence de
supernal~supernal
loganberry's~Années Loganberry
Burma~Birmanie
Alyson~Alyson
trisection~trisection
rosemary's~rOSEMARY
reechoing~reechoing
accoutred~accoutré
teletypewriter's~de téléscripteur
Corinth's~Corinthe de
etched~etched
selenography~sélénographie
proverbs~les proverbes
menstruate~avoir ses règles
Piedmont~Piémont
westernising~occidentalisation
motive's~ce motif
thous~thous
pyromaniac's~pyromaniac de
superabundances~superabundances
retroactively~rétroactivement
Meuse~Meuse
Bioko's~Bioko de
discords~discords
Tyler's~Tyler
vi~vi
seasonings~assaisonnements
shiitake's~shiitake de
acid~acide
Lenore~Lenore
teleplay~teleplay
Silas~Silas
motliest~motliest
stealthiness~caractère furtif
mudslide's~de coulée de boue
snorer~ronfleur
pebbled~pebbled
Brest's~Brest de
Newcastle's~Newcastle de
PA's~PA de
weevil~charançon
stripe~Bande
phonologist~phonologue
runnier~runnier
deputations~deputations
monseigneur~Monseigneur
clinches~décroche
treating~le traitement
Armani~Armani
absurdest~plus absurde
fathom's~fathom's
euro~euro
undemanding~undemanding
armful's~de brassée
refinancing~refinancement
bloodhound's~limier de
bud~bourgeon
suture's~de suture
elicited~elicited
soften~adoucir
overheating~surchauffe
gulper's~gulper's
wheelwright's~charron de
generalises~generalises
disbanded~disbanded
meteoroids~météoroïdes
verbalise~verbalise
hangdog~hangdog
rosebush~rosier
golfed~golfed
rubric's~La rubrique de
pendents~pendents
offertory~offertoire
daintily~daintily
nuthatches~sittelles
imperil~mettre en péril
chorister~choriste
pzazz~pzazz
overwhelming~accablant
smack's~smack de
Jonathon's~Jonathon de
Marquette's~Marquette de
mercurially~mercurially
downs~downs
potholed~potholed
timbered~boisé
Capetown~Le Cap
disturbance's~disturbance's
pathways~voies
moisture~humidité
battlers~battlers
strikebreakers~briseurs de grève
premenstrual~prémenstruel
outbacks~Outbacks
sans~sans
noun's~nom de
consecrating~consacrant
Brinkley's~Brinkley de
Algol's~Algol de
Hindus~hindous
Joey's~Joey
concluded~conclu
bitten~mordu
hings~hings
bruised~meurtri
expositor~expositor
blackmail's~de chantage
songstress's~de la chanteuse
hailing~hailing
kibble~croquette
stopcock's~de robinet d'arrêt
Desmond's~Desmond de
cuff~cuff
ruse~ruse
fervency~fervency
thunk~thunk
wetting~mouillant
burqa~burqa
rider~cavalier
unravelled~démêlé
overexposes~surexpose
chocolate~Chocolat
unknowable's~de inconnaissables
Sanchez's~Sanchez de
hockey~le hockey
ups~UPS
stumped~déconcerté
checkmate~échec et mat
Cyril~Cyril
alleviation's~la réduction de
concussed~commotion cérébrale
breakaway's~rupture de
deeding~deeding
satori~satori
brides~mariées
formulae~formulae
funfair~funfair
crusader~crusader
rockiest~rockiest
Qom~Qom
adroitness's~de adroitness
progestins~progestatifs
names~des noms
manta~manta
mazurkas~mazurkas
particularise~précisent
Hamburg~Hambourg
rarefies~raréfie
Nautilus's~Nautilus de
satirising~satiriques
incarnadined~incarnadined
farrago~farrago
seediness's~de seediness
Sargasso's~Sargasses de
Moroccan's~marocaine de
bounder's~de goujat
nitrocellulose~nitrocellulose
imperialism~impérialisme
encroachments~encroachments
tacitness~tacitivité
mellowed~adouci
sensationalist's~de sensationnalistes
Salvadorian's~Années salvadoriens
interrupt~interrompre
instrumenting~instrumentant
redialled~recomposé
spore's~spore
sahib's~Sahib de
Snapple~Snapple
supremely~suprêmement
contestants~contestants
utopia's~utopie de
insulate~isoler
ceilidh~Ceilidh
tirade~tirade
cabers~cabers
pigheadedly~pigheadedly
narrowness's~exiguïté de
dyspeptic~dyspeptic
satyriasis~satyriasis
briny~salé
lance's~lance de
beige~beige
misaddressing~misaddressing
accounting~comptabilité
contaminated~contaminated
cheese~fromage
visitant~visitant
bogeymen~croquemitaines
Mace's~Mace de
traipses~traipses
tingling~picotements
conjurer~illusionniste
polling's~vote de
tremors~tremblements
romped~fait le diable
arrangers~arrangeurs
psychically~psychiquement
inauguration~inauguration
semiotic~sémiotique
maniacal~maniaque
pessary~pessaire
metatarsals~métatarsiens
restudies~restudies
bathhouse's~de bains publics
stopple's~Années Stopple
Hebrews~Hébreux
depraving~depraving
boners~boners
Gettysburg's~Gettysburg de
calculus's~calcul de
reimbursing~remboursant
Ephesians~Ephésiens
strolls~flâne
cellmate's~compagnon de cellule de
manual~Manuel
browbeaten~intimidée
showcased~présenté
pestilential~pestilentiel
Tuscarora~Tuscarora
chucked~chucked
damage~damage
ignored~ignoré
Brendan~Brendan
mindset's~état d'esprit de
etymologically~etymologically
prism~prisme
adder~additionneur
readopting~réadopter
Godot~Godot
servos~servos
gemstones~gemstones
nitwits~nitwits
recombines~recombine
imprisonment~emprisonnement
Subaru's~Subaru
enactments~enactments
disobedient~disobedient
Bud's~Bud
noisiness's~de noisiness
area's~espace
flanks~flanks
bridal's~nuptiale de
sunbeds~chaises longues
reattachment~recollement
Camoens's~Années Camõens
Styx's~Styx de
videoed~videoed
petabyte~pétaoctet
Draco's~Draco
candler~candler
touched~touché
psychodrama~psychodrame
appraisal's~L'appréciation de
statemented~statemented
choruses~refrains
aristocrat~aristocrate
pacific~pacifique
shindigs~shindigs
porcelains~porcelaine
Bumppo~Bumppo
commonwealth's~Commonwealth de
datum~datum
hubbies~hubbies
gypping~gypping
analgesic's~analgésique de
evildoer's~evildoer's
deepen~deepen
affirming~affirmant
waterbird's~oiseaux aquatiques de
shoelace's~de shoelace
resonator~résonateur
Oneal's~Oneal de
Clemenceau~Clemenceau
hybridism's~hybridité de
crayon's~crayon's
Annam's~Annam de
swank's~Swank de
devoutly~devoutly
statutorily~statutairement
mobbed~assailli
palatalisation~palatalisation
baseline's~de base de
palmy~florissant
Lynda~Lynda
exactly~exactly
gluiest~gluiest
schoolbooks~Livres d'école
eyedropper's~eyedropper's
swellheads~swellheads
eerily~eerily
watercress's~cresson de
roost~perchoir
localisation's~localisation de
justices~juges
constraining~contraignant
sabotaged~saboté
functionary's~functionary's
Keri~Keri
zing~entrain
fuhrer~fuhrer
hammed~hammed
unhanding~unhanding
Sherrie's~Sherrie de
Yggdrasil~Yggdrasil
grind's~grind's
corollary's~corollary's
prologue's~prologue de
fuzziness~fuzziness
unbridgeable~infranchissable
dorsally~dorsally
chloral's~de chloral
Mozilla's~Mozilla
Zhivago~Jivago
tightrope~corde raide
sunless~sunless
signifying~signifiante
overdecorates~overdecorates
tittered~titré
womanised~womanised
umping~umping
snit~SNIT
heartlessness~insensibilité
stirrings~frémissements
barked~aboyé
cowboy's~cowboy's
spousals~spousals
tollgate~tollgate
synchronisations~synchronisations
greyish~greyish
blockbuster~superproduction
ventriloquist~ventriloque
stunners~assommoirs
miscarried~avorté
acquirement~acquirement
canoeing~canoë-kayak
erogenous~erogenous
amalgams~amalgames
oversees~supervise
midpoints~points médians
relativists~relativistes
quesadilla's~Quesadillas
ethnocentrism's~ethnocentrism's
NutraSweet's~NutraSweet de
lambent~chatoyant
birthstone's~de grosseurs
bishops~évêques
realises~réalise
physiotherapy~physiothérapie
panamas~panamas
herb's~herbes
actualised~actualisant
Limburger~Limburger
petioles~pétioles
howler~hurleur
foreseen~foreseen
bruisers~cogneurs
contraindication~contraindication
Thur~Thur
rename~rebaptiser
Cochran's~Cochran
copacetic~copacetic
sleepless~sans sommeil
DECs~les pays d'endémie
pest's~lutte antiparasitaire
middleweights~poids moyens
outarguing~outarguing
brindle's~bringé de
oppressiveness's~de oppressif
unerringly~infailliblement
stir's~remuer de
parer's~Parer de
gingersnaps~gingersnaps
mikado's~Mikado de
contests~contests
penances~pénitences
cracking~cracking
drafter's~drafter's
Catholic~catholique
Theron~Theron
tourists~touristes
Buddy's~buddy
barkeep~barkeep
legality's~la légalité de
redbirds~redbirds
throwaway's~jetable de
cumin~cumin
Saab's~Saab
vixenish~vixenish
measles's~la rougeole de
recontaminated~recontamination
transition~transition
ordered~commandé
Sumner's~Sumner
influences~influences
regrow~repousser
overbold~impudent
audiophiles~audiophiles
Gondwanaland~Gondwana
Ashley's~Ashley
abrasively~abrasivement
cisterns~citernes
Porsche~Porsche
restatement~retraitement
OK's~est OK
capstan~cabestan
obnoxiously~odieusement
fibrillation~fibrillation
coliseum's~du colisée
Macy~Macy
criticism's~criticism's
hugest~plus énorme
interrogative~interrogatif
spurts~jaillissements
chequers's~dames des années
Scala's~Scala
bilirubin~bilirubine
easterlies~easterlies
entrusts~entrusts
longish~assez long
knockdown~abattre
poolside~près de la piscine
McAdam's~McAdam de
blitzed~blitz
J~J
Chilean's~chilienne de
Trekkie's~de Trekkie
soberness's~de soberness
Roberts's~Roberts de
practical's~de pratique
terrify~terrifier
odysseys~odyssées
Suleiman~Suleiman
bow's~arc de
Bernard~Bernard
candled~mirer
birdwatcher's~de birdwatcher
Harrington's~Harrington
compelling~irrésistible
dalmatian's~dalmatian's
driveshaft's~driveshaft's
impetuosity~impétuosité
IQ~QI
Trevino~Trevino
Bauhaus's~Années Bauhaus
entrenchments~entrenchments
Trinidad~Trinidad
perpendicularly~perpendiculairement
noblemen~grands seigneurs
naturalness~naturel
newsroom~rédaction
festoon~festoon
Tran's~Trans
lozenge's~lozenge de
roils~roils
sarcomas~sarcomes
corridor's~corridor's
twelfth~douzième
cirri~cirrus
characters~personnages
jitters~frousse
ineligibility's~inéligibilité de
Delores~Delores
feedbag's~feedbag's
deflector~deflector
respective~respectif
overfeeding~suralimenter
Osages~Osages
direful~direful
Schrieffer~Schrieffer
Kampala~Kampala
Kawasaki's~Kawasaki
epigrammatic~epigrammatic
enforcer's~enforcer's
precinct~enceinte
Huffman~Huffman
chitchats~chitchats
rugs~tapis
cloys~Cloys
recomputed~recalculée
diastole~diastole
Crete~Crète
possibly~peut-être
blacksnake~serpent noir
Steven's~Steven de
restrictiveness's~de restrictivité
Reginald's~Reginald de
allover~partout
Katowice's~Katowice de
reboils~reboils
Carla's~Carla
oozing~suintement
bedtimes~bedtimes
obis~OBIS
trendsetting~gardiste
nonabrasive~non abrasif
thrasher's~Thrasher
sheath's~gaine de de
panel~panneau
tureen~soupière
rationality's~la rationalité de
Tabatha's~Tabatha de
Hopper~Hopper
outfitters~pourvoiries
wheaten~Wheaten
Tswana~Tswana
davit's~davit's
drowse~drowse
finical~finical
ruinously~ruineux
hatred's~la haine de
inflectional~flexionnel
assignments~missions
skoal's~skoal de
gourmand's~gourmand's
orthopaedic~orthopédique
frowardness~frowardness
pintos~Pintos
discomposed~discomposed
Earp~Earp
concealed~caché
peas~pois
undergoing~en cours
nosiest~nosiest
inflammatory~inflammatoire
fangs~fangs
fort~fort
Se~Se
nugget's~pépite de
Jubal~Jubal
firebox~firebox
proving~prouvant
nongovernmental~non gouvernementale
insolvent's~de insolvables
authoritarians~autoritaristes
purines~purines
lumbago's~de lumbago
absence's~absence de
shying~shying
temporally~temporellement
devours~devours
swabbed~frottée
clodhopper~balourd
corroborated~corroborated
tiny~minuscule
elodeas~elodeas
thousandths~millièmes
LGBT~LGBT
finial's~finial's
Kong~Kong
buffetings~soufflets
squanders~gaspille
chrysanthemum's~chrysanthème de
scrutiny~examen minutieux
couplets~couplets
newsmen~journalistes
mockingly~moqueuse
caitiff~lâche
artier~artier
kitchen's~cuisine de
chagrin~dépit
jeopardises~met en péril
cauterises~cautérise
tubs~baignoires
hernial~herniaire
payout~paiement
intellectualising~intellectualiser
Imodium~Imodium
pommies~pommies
Cortland~Cortland
hewer~tailleur
undercarriage's~train d'atterrissage de
guesser's~guesser's
tinplate's~de fer blanc
mewing~miaulement
agape's~Années agape
toxaemia~toxémie
Cicero's~Cicéron
bumptiousness~outrecuidance
abroad~à l'étranger
reexplain~reexplain
withstood~résisté aux
Aquarius~Verseau
deli~deli
lotto's~Lotto
disease's~disease's
nonfictional~fictionnelle
gruesomely~gruesomely
Basque~basque
assignor~cédant
dude~dude
diminuendo's~diminuendo's
propriety's~propriété de
there's~il y a
irrefutable~irréfutable
spoor's~Spoor de
Flynn~Flynn
snags~chicots
manipulatively~des fins de manipulation
cloche's~années cloche
muckraked~muckraked
verbatim~textuellement
skyjack~pirater un avion
unexpected~inattendu
knot~nœud
novelise~transformer en roman
equatable~equatable
camber~courbure
authenticated~authentifié
holly~houx
colourful~coloré
ascetic's~de ascétiques
Leonor's~Leonor
rapaciousness~rapacité
Kasey~Kasey
neutralism's~de neutralisme
expostulation's~expostulation's
Rhenish~vin du Rhin
commends~félicite
eccentrically~eccentrically
castor's~Castor
Pangaea's~Pangea de
docketed~docketed
districts~districts
hospitable~hospitalier
sheikhs~cheiks
oink's~Oink de
sacrosanctness~sacrosanctness
cancellation~annulation
Altman~Altman
blackbird's~Blackbird de
Delgado's~Delgado de
sidetracks~déviés
restricts~restreint
preaches~prêches
Passover~Pâque
tedium's~de l'ennui
downfall's~downfall's
kick's~coup de pied de
turnstile~tourniquet
decisiveness's~decisiveness's
atrocities~atrocités
refile~refile
knightliness's~knightliness de
electrodynamics~electrodynamics
Perseus~Persée
cheerful~de bonne humeur
mademoiselle~Mademoiselle
legacy's~de l'héritage
languished~langui
Netherlander~Néerlandais
fearlessness's~fearlessness's
closing's~de fermeture
depository's~depository's
PDT~pdt
loosely~librement
serenity~sérénité
dodgem~dodgem
diminishing~diminishing
towboat~towboat
liberalness~liberalness
lipped~lèvres
Janice~Janice
Katina~Katina
watchword's~maître mot de
aggregates~agrégats
baobabs~baobabs
landlubber~terrien
unofficial~non officiel
Smithson's~Smithson de
hipsters~hipsters
stultification~abêtissement
befriending~amitié avec
gondola's~gondola's
parlours~salons
lake~Lac
jobshares~jobshares
expectorate~expectorate
extant~extant
sparsest~parcimonieuse
jackhammer's~de marteau-piqueur
Scotches~scotchs
prevision's~de prevision
treetop's~TreeTop de
Foucault~Foucault
debonairness~debonairness
rupee~roupie
Lakota's~Lakota de
soot~suie
enmeshes~enmeshes
enviousness's~enviousness's
fiefdom~fiefdom
pacifism~pacifisme
fighter's~fighter's
Helvetius~Helvétius
rearranges~réarrange
cuddling~cuddling
Chamberlain's~Chamberlain
falsely~falsely
mainstreamed~intégré
hooped~cerclé
sharpened~aiguisée
armourer's~armurier de
wishes~vœux
percipience's~Années Percevoir
Nootka's~Nootka de
cowards~cowards
Lyme~Lyme
shrift's~sans ménagement de
nitpicker~nitpicker
drafting's~drafting's
rippers~rippers
headlamp's~Lampe frontale de
anemone's~anémone de
generated~generated
blazons~blasons
raconteur~conteur
temperately~sobrement
freezes~freezes
minus~moins
Hipparchus's~Hipparque de
retinas~rétines
discoloured~discoloured
Linotype~Linotype
Bird~Oiseau
fitter~fitter
Blaine~Blaine
incertitude~incertitude
amt~amt
Mongol~mongol
diagrammed~diagrammed
kielbasa~kielbasa
gingersnap~gingersnap
seatmate~seatmate
stoning~lapidation
piddle~faire pipi
ninja~Ninja
coat~manteau
Jim's~Jim
Segre~Segre
blabbers~blabbers
sniffers~renifleurs
undermine~saper
parsley's~le persil de
Nairobi's~Nairobi de
mowers~tondeuses
Novosibirsk's~Novossibirsk de
underworld's~monde souterrain de
absolution's~absoudre de
administrator~administrateur
registering~enregistrement
indigently~indigently
condiments~condiments
Pyrrhic's~pyrrhic de
pottiest~pottiest
thingumabobs~thingumabobs
woodworker's~de woodworker
playhouses~maisonnettes
Tarawa's~Tarawa de
emanating~emanating
sanders~ponceuses
mantissa~mantisse
Kishinev's~Kishinev de
postulated~postulée
owlishly~comme un hibou
rebate~rabais
Bros~Bros
Eugenie~Eugénie
articulacy~faconde
diagram's~diagram's
sentiment~sentiment
Margarita's~Margarita
tickled~chatouillé
rainy~pluvieux
pennons~panonceaux
hotboxes~hotboxes
unregistered~non enregistré
mow's~téléfilms
uncommonest~uncommonest
Onassis's~Onassis de
enthralled~enthralled
o~o
oblivion's~l'oubli de
graters~graters
handbrake~handbrake
rebuffed~rebuté
stammerer's~bègue de
canoodling~canoodling
wodges~wodges
revue~revue
testator's~testateur de
widget~un widget
spadix~spadice
Demetrius's~Démétrius de
Tweedledum's~gémeaux de
Dulles's~Dulles de
dysprosium's~dysprosium's
clerkship's~externat de
degraded~degraded
document's~document's
phallic~phallique
Ruhr~Ruhr
medallist's~médaillé de
webinar's~webinaire de
yank's~Yank de
disqualifications~disqualifications
eddied~eddied
reassurance~réconfort
Antilles's~Antilles de
recollects~récollets
patroness's~de patronne
bewitchment's~envoûtement de
ensemble's~ensemble's
hakes~hakes
voyeur~voyeur
Lucknow~Lucknow
Terry~Terry
ratters~ratters
monitoring~surveillance
conceit's~de fatuité
diagnostician~diagnostician
irredeemably~incurablement
sandstorms~tempêtes de sable
dipsticks~dipsticks
jazz's~jazz de
wronger~wronger
niceness's~de niceness
profligacy~débauche
memberships~adhésions
Brit's~Brit de
iconoclastic~iconoclaste
Bukharin's~Boukharine
entwined~entwined
uvular~uvulaire
rebus's~Années rébus
hummingbirds~colibris
steaming~fumant
seconds~secondes
spelled~orthographié
Goodyear's~Bonnes années
ginning~ginning
lollygag~Lollygag
rep's~représentant de
laypersons~non-spécialistes
scuffle's~Des échauffourées
rules~règles
ventriloquist's~de ventriloque
vexes~Ires
safe's~le coffre-fort
sidestepped~éludé
culls~culls
Piaget's~Piaget
zircons~zircons
statement's~La déclaration de
Stevenson~Stevenson
detonators~detonators
resealable~refermable
breakneck~casse-cou
rummer~grand verre à pied
DOD~DOD
change~changement
stays~séjours
toms~toms
Gaussian's~gaussienne de
cognitive~cognitif
spirituals~spirituals
yawner~bailleur
quad~quadrilatère
Mennen~Mennen
Trinities~Trinités
ping~ping
lateness's~Années RETARD
caballeros~caballeros
Altman's~Altman
temperateness~temperateness
waylaying~waylaying
dyke's~dyke's
muddiness~muddiness
stroller~poussette
zombies~des morts-vivants
rulers~dirigeants
pimento's~pimento de
rebate's~rabais de
misappropriating~détournement
atheist's~athée de
timbering~boisage
hombre~hombre
Hellman~Homme de l'enfer
reorging~reorging
Fushun's~Fushun de
catalytic~catalytique
prejudice's~les préjugés
patiently~patiemment
greasiest~greasiest
reassured~rassuré
singalong~singalong
comedians~humoristes
Martians~Martiens
revisers~relecteurs
renominate~nouvelle proposition d'inscription
spatulas~spatules
Sn's~Sn de
Hawthorne~Hawthorne
Tweed~Tweed
outerwear~vêtements de plein air
nonmalignant~nonmalignant
carpers~aboyeurs
choking~étouffement
elsewhere~elsewhere
southerly~du sud
disproportions~disproportions
Josiah's~Josias
hairiness's~hairiness's
pathetic~pathétique
Salinas~Salinas
ice's~la glace de
cruder~cruder
goriness's~goriness's
cartographic~cartographique
vicariously~du fait d'autrui
gardener's~gardener's
postmistress's~de postière
resales~les reventes
undamaged~en bon état
presumptuously~présomptueusement
mockers~railleurs
Hovhaness~hovhaness
Mashhad~Mashhad
detached~detached
grantsmanship's~grantsmanship's
pettish~maussade
idiosyncrasy~particularité
heparin's~héparine de
Costner~Costner
decompresses~decompresses
process~processus
rowel~rowel
tepees~tipis
moment's~des moments
seller~vendeur
mysteries~mystères
pejorative~péjoratif
Haskell~Haskell
discoveries~discoveries
besieger~assiégeant
menfolk's~Années menfolk
mindlessness's~abrutissement de
Darjeeling~Darjeeling
Sikkim's~Sikkim de
Tuesdays~mardi
applauder's~applauder de
abridge~abréger
goof~goof
greenhouse's~greenhouse's
violator~violateur
rhomboidal~rhomboïdale
Colombo~Colombo
flues~flues
organised~organisé
ruined~ruiné
picking~cueillette
Lilith~lilith
stat's~stat de
haying~fanage
cupful~cupful
Casio's~Casio de
ventricle~ventricule
pawnbroking~sur gage
whiplash~coup de fouet
drawings~drawings
Kelli~Kelli
Dahomey~dahomey
niggled~niggled
carton's~carton de
Napster~Napster
unperturbed~imperturbable
Aquariuses~Aquariuses
preferably~de préférence
queenlier~queenlier
tone's~le ton de
inaudibility's~de inaudibilité
Cozumel~Cozumel
prepubescent's~prépubère de
chattered~claquaient
arterial~artériel
flap~flap
adding~ajouter
usurper's~usurpatrice de
mausoleum's~mausolée de
sunbath's~sunbath de
laryngitis~laryngite
theoretician's~Années théoricien
Kagoshima~Kagoshima
lockup's~lockup de
repave~repaver
overfeeds~suralimentations
stereotyped~stéréotypé
nook's~nook
commercialisation~commercialisation
Jainism's~jaïnisme de
snoring~ronflement
decreases~decreases
diction's~diction's
hypnotist's~de hypnotiseur
disorganising~disorganising
fiftieth's~fiftieth's
pejoratives~péjoratifs
ratio~rapport
averts~évite
pontificated~pontifiaient
impressing~impressionner
tenderly~tendrement
personalise~personnaliser
lidded~lidded
gleam's~gleam's
loads~charges
obstreperousness~obstreperousness
promotes~la promotion
complement~complément
complexes~complexes
shuttering~coffrante
photoengraving's~photogravure de
squabblers~squabblers
atoll's~atoll de
aquariums~aquariums
chorals~Chorals
Kahlua~Kahlua
telescoping~télescopage
disbursements~disbursements
adventurer~aventurier
hie~hie
hotcake~gâteau chaud
registered~inscrit
clicker's~de clicker
demoniacal~demoniacal
conquest's~Conquest
tracking~suivi
dishing~dishing
wildflower's~fleurs sauvages de
palmistry's~chiromancie de
defamation's~defamation's
Tania's~Tania de
imp~lutin
Richardson~Richardson
servomechanisms~servomécanismes
reaming~alésoir
waltzing~Waltzing
typewritten~dactylographié
Belarus~Biélorussie
beaned~Beaned
significantly~significativement
discards~discards
squint's~plisser les yeux de
incompatibility~incompatibilité
warranting~GARANTISSEZ
billion~milliard
paycheck~chèque de paie
ratbag~ratbag
Indianans~Indianans
detente's~detente's
internationalised~internationalisé
certainty's~la certitude de
VG~VG
pinwheeled~pinwheeled
coffeemaker's~cafetières
Colfax~Colfax
Fielding~Fielding
chm~CHM
creator~creator
firewater's~firewater's
Kikuyu~Kikuyu
mandate~mandat
Hepplewhite~Hepplewhite
hills~collines
guitarist's~guitarist's
Darwinian's~darwinienne de
apprehend~appréhender
gadflies~gadflies
moored~amarrés
germicides~germicides
hoof~sabot
transmitting~transmission
pathology~pathologie
ataxic~ataxique
genetics~genetics
rebel~rebelle
tattooist's~de tatoueurs
bugbear's~croquemitaine de
drummer's~drummer's
nonunion~non syndiqué
motherfuckers~enculés
cripplingly~cripplingly
jibed~empanné
Reynolds's~Reynolds de
insurrectionist~insurrectionist
rebuts~réfute
unlocked~déverrouillé
skittishness~frilosité
horsetail~queue de cheval
holiness's~de sainteté
hinting~faisant allusion
intensive's~de forte intensité
lambency's~de lambency
inactivating~inactivant
blazes~flamboie
demotic~demotic
Norwich~Norwich
hauntingly~obsédante
lactation's~de lactation
organists~organistes
discordant~discordant
faithfulness~faithfulness
deary~deary
effluvium~effluvium
paunch~panse
thrashers~thrashers
negotiability's~de négociabilité
peopled~peuplé
polysyllables~polysyllabes
boisterously~impétueusement
chink's~entrebâillement de
confirms~confirme
disafforest~disafforest
us~nous
directorate~directorate
cartwheeled~fait un tonneau
superwomen~super femme
hibernation's~mise en veille prolongée de
greediness's~greediness's
Malta's~de Malte
Hazel's~Hazel
allergens~allergènes
Miller~Meunier
skaters~patineurs
scavenger's~trésor de
knees~les genoux
Wyeth's~Wyeth
danging~danging
humiliates~humilie
homicides~homicides
refits~radoub
Acapulco~Acapulco
revving~montée en régime
eluding~eluding
Malcolm~Malcolm
ripeness's~de maturité
Dakotan~Dakotan
heartburn's~brûlures d'estomac de
tee~tee
dishrags~dishrags
cube's~cube's
hydroxides~hydroxydes
undulates~ondule
alp's~Alpes
Davy's~Davy de
chloroforming~chloroforming
clime~climat
furies~furies
swishes~bruissements
fabricate~fabricate
reinserting~réinsérant
kibbles~croquette
daftest~daftest
brusquest~brusquest
bamboozling~embobiner
recontaminates~recontaminates
perfunctorily~perfunctorily
Crest~Crête
dogfish~dogfish
provincial~provincial
hardliner~hardliner
marshmallow's~guimauves
falsified~falsified
retools~fait peau neuve
cocktail's~cocktail de
scoffer's~railleur de
foppery's~foppery's
vestiges~vestiges
packinghouse's~de salaison
kettle's~bouilloire de
bravery's~de bravoure
univalent~univalent
ratty~miteux
Khachaturian~Khachaturian
Duroc's~Duroc de
dink~dink
cockcrow's~Années cockcrow
universals~universaux
needlessness's~de inutilité
yesterday~hier
tailgater's~de tailgater
rematch's~match retour de
excitable~excitable
scratchiest~scratchiest
Ascella~Ascella
Meyerbeer's~Meyerbeer de
Willis~Willis
warlock~démoniste
feat's~feat's
ligaments~ligaments
fortuneteller~fortuneteller
forum's~forum's
doltishly~doltishly
grader's~grader's
sanatorium~sanatorium
dominantly~dominantly
prolifically~prolifiquement
sauteed~sautées
composted~compostés
shamrock~trèfle
mania~la manie
smugger~smugger
Michigander~Michigander
named~nommé
Audion~Audion
skated~patinée
chill~refroidissement
atomic~atomique
Valdez~Valdez
plasma's~écran plasma
mantissas~mantisses
overconfidence's~de l'excès de confiance
gentlemen~gentlemen
alphanumerically~alphanumériquement
convey~convey
reciters~récitants
rotational~rotatoire
GSA~GSA
Alexei's~Alexei de
Jerald~Jerald
thingummy~bidule
coot~coot
grit's~grit's
transiency~caractère transitoire
juggernaut~mastodonte
housecoat~robe de chambre
Pasadena's~Pasadena de
MC~MC
triglyceride~triglycérides
disinfection's~disinfection's
slogged~slogged
calmer~plus calme
upstart's~arriviste de
flesh~flesh
emanate~emanate
mollycoddle's~materner de
soundcheck~Sound check
wise's~Wise
feminised~feminised
arpeggio's~arpège de
frills~frills
chirpily~chirpily
godly~godly
Hollie~Hollie
eighteen~eighteen
moiety's~partie de
rapist's~de violeur
velvet~velours
cranking~cranking
Kim's~Kim
brashly~brashly
intermarries~intermarries
temper's~humeur de
achene's~akènes de
ascendant~ascendant
playground~Cour de récréation
ballgown~robe de bal
immediate~immédiat
bookbinder~relieur
Slinky's~Slinky de
dwarf's~dwarf's
dissuade~dissuade
attributive's~attributives de
reestablishes~rétablit
avuncularly~avuncularly
stagnation~stagnation
downheartedly~downheartedly
solo's~solos
kilocycle~kilocycle
schmooze~schmooze
ejector~ejector
smeared~barbouillé
securely~en toute sécurité
Fresnel~Fresnel
tactfully~tactfully
doze~doze
Phelps~Phelps
let's~nous allons
washbowl~lavabo
decriminalisation's~decriminalisation's
Rhiannon~Rhiannon
inequality's~l'inégalité de
blusher~fard à joues
ringtones~Sonneries
quirked~arquai
oddness~étrangeté
prejudged~préjugeait
coauthored~coauthored
Pfc~pk
hear~entendre
Aldrin's~Aldrin de
prospector's~prospecteur de
dairy's~dairy's
Bessemer~Bessemer
strands~brins
cardiograph~cardiograph
cockade's~cocarde de
Bronx~Bronx
misdiagnoses~misdiagnoses
recommencing~recommencement
surgeries~chirurgies
elevated~elevated
duets~duets
unworthiest~unworthiest
nominate~désigner
closeouts~liquidations
shadows~ombres
paralleling~paralléliseur
mineral~minéral
blackboards~tableaux noirs
kilogram~kilogramme
scummy~écumeux
ogress~ogresse
epistle~epistle
bachelors~les bacheliers
crowding~crowding
Blackbeard's~Blackbeard de
permissible~permis
grainy~grainy
knaves~fripons
Bligh~Bligh
falconry's~falconry's
vulpine~vulpin
greatness~greatness
Grover's~Grover
clad~habillé
custards~custards
antivenins~antivenins
Jude's~Jude
Pkwy~pkwy
backstroke's~m dos
transacting~transiger
December~décembre
Selassie~Selassie
oxcarts~charrettes à bœufs
timorous~timoré
robustness's~robustesse de
tenseness~tension
doted~doted
triathlon~triathlon
cavernous~caverneux
velds~velds
jangler's~jangler de
moderating~modérateur
munificent~munificent
Pyrenees~Pyrénées
Myrdal's~Myrdal de
zap~zap
populated~peuplé
Leopoldo's~Leopoldo de
azaleas~azalées
raindrops~gouttes de pluie
escapes~escapes
pronto~pronto
Kb~Kb
mapper's~mappeur de
flotilla~flotilla
hysterics's~Années hystériques
aeronautical~aéronautique
quadratic~quadratique
layering~stratification
tarnish~ternir
tinfoil~papillote
recommend~recommander
winging~envolant
countersigned~countersigned
furtively~furtively
huffed~huffed
hots~hots
lifesaving's~sauver la vie de
bunking~bunking
deceased's~deceased's
Ladyship~ladyship
reciprocity~la réciprocité
moisture's~l'humidité de
IA~IA
niceties~raffinements
irreversible~irréversible
misogynistic~misogyne
rustication's~de rustication
sterile~stérile
Archibald~Archibald
contracts~contracts
geneticist's~geneticist's
eightieth's~eightieth's
licorices~licorices
rechargeable~rechargeable
amputated~amputé
Micky~Micky
soporifically~soporifically
strangleholds~étranglements
Bernhardt~Bernhardt
argyles~jacquards
colourant~colorant
discreteness~discreteness
sapwood's~aubier de
patches~patches
mistake~erreur
landings~atterrissages
foreshores~foreshores
Cruise's~de croisière
sadhus~sadhus
Gustavus's~Gustavus de
exclusivity~exclusivity
bribing~soudoyer
HSBC~HSBC
Byron's~Byron
burners~brûleurs
hotkeys~hotkeys
tonsillitis~amygdalite
remainder~reste
SD~Dakota du Sud
comprehensibility's~de compréhensibilité
ominously~sinistrement
wrigglers~wrigglers
bout~combat
dunce's~dunce's
chestnut's~châtaignier de
involuntary~involontaire
blasphemer~blasphémateur
Guadalquivir's~Guadalquivir de
supposing~supposant
mundanely~banalement
shogun~shogun
Mennonite~mennonite
magicking~magicking
Pickering~Pickering
escapist~escapist
Seyfert~Seyfert
Cabernet~Cabernet
annuities~rentes
groundsheet~groundsheet
Willy's~Willy
restfullest~restfullest
monochrome's~monochrome de
nodding~hochant la tête
pommel's~Années arçons
acmes~acmés
splenectomy~splénectomie
bandied~galvaudé
thankfulness~reconnaissance
Hollywood's~Hollywood de
sophistication~sophistication
cloaking~cloaking
Weldon~Weldon
ague~fièvre
susses~Süsses
protestants~protestants
thermostatically~thermostatiques
weensiest~weensiest
tinkled~tinta
thrower~lanceur
patch~pièce
tattooed~tatoué
intermediaries~intermédiaires
gulches~gulches
spilt~déversé
refracts~réfracte
Nina~Nina
milks~laits
lacquer~laque
apoplexy~apoplexie
rouge~rouge
crystallisation~crystallisation
insisting~insistant sur le fait
adolescences~adolescences
Valeria~Valeria
woodiest~plus boisée
potentials~potentiels
Dunbar's~Dunbar de
fitting~fitting
soigne~Soigne
outreaches~évangélisations
Humphrey~Humphrey
reembodied~reembodied
Svengali's~Années Svengali
cantered~petit galop
scrolls~rouleaux
professionalise~professionnaliser
realpolitik~realpolitik
pasty's~pâteuse de
keynoter's~keynoter de
indisposition~indisposition
jaundice~jaunisse
combers~combers
bumbag~sac banane
subtlety~subtilité
ambled~déambulait
regraded~reclassé
ceaselessly~sans cesse
metallurgists~métallurgistes
pudgiest~pudgiest
resumed~a repris
inhibitor's~inhibiteur des années
producer's~producteur
unties~délie
defaulters~defaulters
revelling~délectant
preyed~proie
Bristol~Bristol
cleansed~nettoyée
phenotype~phénotype
cods~morues
lecterns~lutrins
Aztlan~Aztlan
Luvs's~de GVU
therm's~de therm
straggle~straggle
eclectic's~eclectic's
flinch's~flinch's
ethyl's~ethyl's
traversals~traversals
mixable~mélangeables
pharaohs~Pharaohs
redneck's~redneck de
Pacheco's~Pacheco de
cannabis~cannabis
dielectrics~dielectrics
Tunguska's~Tunguska de
timeout~temps libre
hardhats~hardhats
Ga's~Gaz
roved~rouvé
bighearted~grand coeur
unwind~se détendre
Johann's~Johann de
hypertensives~hypertenseurs
titillation~titillation
recenter~recenter
sororities~sororités
scorched~roussi
repressed~refoulé
bellman's~groom de
optimised~optimisé
youngsters~jeunes
tarter~Tarter
studies~études
slack~mou
exemplify~exemplify
Sandinista~sandiniste
gunmetal~gunmetal
catchments~captages
reactivation~réactivation
rehearsed~rodée
Kuwaiti's~koweïtien de
Earl~comte
prompt~rapide
Downy~Duveteux
Carboniferous's~carbonifère de
Lana~Lana
detonator~detonator
Tarbell's~Tarbell de
remission's~rémission de
twelvemonth~an
bivalve's~bivalve de
cords~cords
metes~BORNES
moshing~moshing
combings~démêlures
ragged~en lambeaux
practicum~practicum
bawled~braillé
puffers~puffers
hyped~hype
liquidation~liquidation
safe~sûr
negligent~négligent
Shah's~Shah
thews~muscles
foibles~foibles
insensitivity~insensibilité
surmounting~surmontement
glutenous~glutenous
bummer~bummer
ungainliness~ungainliness
crumbly~crumbly
receipt's~recettes
dowering~dowering
signings~dédicaces
sliding~glissement
Fe~Fe
creasing~creasing
dispenser~dispenser
possibilities~possibilités
Vermonter's~vermonter de
curry~curry
gamins~gamins
ratification's~La ratification
woodcarver~sculpteur sur bois
festival's~festival's
Gascony~gascogne
stakes~enjeux
round's~Arrondissons
spud's~Années spud
cheap~pas cher
promulgator's~de promulgateur
centime~centime
Dominican~dominicain
cryosurgery~cryosurgery
messmate~commensal
freshman's~freshman's
spawning~frai
dimmed~dimmed
Montrachet's~Montrachet de
nunneries~nonneries
flamingo~flamingo
precociously~précocement
gaiters~gaiters
Beethoven's~Beethoven
nasturtium~capucine
allotment's~attribution de
Ipswich~Ipswich
Dilbert~Dilbert
bloops~bloops
Pampers's~de Pampers
quarried~extraite
girth~girth
tumultuously~tumultueusement
Loyang~Loyang
gassier~gassier
forage's~forage's
hick's~plouc de
commissar~commissaire
hypothermia~hypothermie
Tartuffe~tartuffe
obloquy~opprobre
wainwright~wainwright
gunwale's~gunwale's
tinkling~tintement
bathe~baigner
Chris's~de Chris
arc~arc
intolerance~intolérance
nonobservance~inobservance
mercers~merciers
collaborator~collaborateur
diagrammatic~diagrammatic
amnesties~amnisties
overthrew~culbute
subfreezing~subfreezing
Guiyang's~Guiyang de
psychology~psychologie
Alaric~alaric
barney~barney
epistle's~epistle's
toxic~toxique
rampage's~saccage de
sorceresses~magiciennes
chambermaid~femme de chambre
Rosalie~Rosalie
filterer's~filterer's
Tantalus's~Tantalus de
checkups~bilans de santé
grog's~grog's
Gehrig~Gehrig
nominee~candidat
Disneyland's~Disneyland de
commissar's~commissaire du
minatory~comminatoire
Walker's~Walker
coquettes~coquettes
jurywoman's~de jurywoman
deviates~deviates
trope~trope
invoking~appelant
Melisande's~Mélisande de
unpaired~apparié
observantly~observantly
remorsefully~avec remords
quire~cahier
sportscast's~Années Sportscast
exonerated~exonerated
circular~circulaire
doilies~doilies
Athabaskan's~Athabaskan de
telecast's~Années télédiffusées
jeered~railla
proprietresses~proprietresses
collators~collateurs
budged~pas bougé
tanners~tanneurs
Kwanzaa's~Années Kwanzaa
distention's~distention's
activities~Activités
hightails~hightails
mouser's~mouser de
blender~mixeur
verisimilitude's~de vraisemblance
besmearing~besmearing
trial's~essais
wistfully~avec nostalgie
Russell~Russell
playgroup~playgroup
demanding~demanding
Timmy's~Timmy de
halest~halest
illicit~illicite
sidewalls~des parois latérales
calumnious~calomnieux
cache's~le cache de
Hellespont's~Hellespont de
NP~NP
disavows~disavows
Juvenal's~Juvenal de
Columbia's~Columbia
Armenian~arménien
thundershower~ORAGE
hookup's~de raccordement
overproduction~surproduction
jotter~jotter
VGA~VGA
belaying~assurage
Jodi's~Jodi de
suggestions~suggestions
defencelessness~defencelessness
yachtsmen~yachtmen
headhunt~Headhunt
dowered~dowered
unfixing~unfixing
Scotsmen's~Années scotsmen
niche~niche
host~hôte
flippancy's~flippancy's
sonatina~sonatina
socialism~socialisme
cohesively~cohésive
pancake's~Crêpes
evolution's~evolution's
Hannah~Hannah
opulent~opulent
recce~reco
magnet~aimant
suffuse~pigmenter
prance~caracoler
cities~villes
tactfulness's~de tactfulness
patent's~de brevet
chew's~chew
inflicting~infliger
bankruptcy~la faillite
scoreline~scoreline
Bessemer's~Bessemer de
freight's~freight's
SSE~SSE
colonisers~colonisateurs
Nyerere~Nyerere
peter~peter
cord's~cord's
proportions~proportions
GM's~GM
wane~décliner
tempura~tempura
underlay's~Sous-couche de
Maxine's~Maxine de
tears~larmes
Jpn~JPN
dodos~dodos
Russians~les Russes
artisan~artisan
Mitzi~Mitzi
oddball's~farfelu de
refinish~Refinish
ptomaine~ptomaïne
professional~professionnel
timeserver~opportuniste
varnished~verni
modishness's~de modishness
prurient~lascif
quencher~quencher
ESP~ESP
Speer's~Speer de
certitude's~de certitude
moccasin~mocassin
dishwater's~dishwater's
cheesecakes~cheesecakes
Lars's~Lars de
preponderantly~prépondérance
etcher's~etcher's
reject's~rejeter de
renegotiable~renégociable
psychobabble's~psychobabble de
diffract~diffract
sunbaths~bains de soleil
Weizmann~Weizmann
audiophile's~Années audiophiles
addition~une addition
Comoros's~Comores de
collect's~recueillir de
condors~condors
pliers's~pinces de
Wodehouse's~Wodehouse de
medicaid's~medicaid de
lifesaver's~bouée de sauvetage de
spikiness's~de spikiness
entangling~entangling
pinons~Pinons
wallops~Wallops
laminar~laminaire
peradventure's~de adventure
usherettes~ouvreuses
remove's~retirer de
unguents~baumes
discoverers~discoverers
accredits~accrédite
Bermudian's~Années bermudiens
luxuries~luxe
jiggles~jiggles
kidnap~kidnapper
vegging~végéter
begun~commencé
stave~portée
Michelle~Michelle
homelike~confortable
tiptops~tiptops
cognisance~connaissance
choirmasters~maîtres de chapelle
Maureen~Maureen
bar's~bar de
topography~topographie
tonalities~tonalités
cutler~cutler
rhymester~rimeur
rattlebrains~rattlebrains
commendation's~Mention élogieuse
casinos~casinos
geocaching~geocaching
manors~Manors
Flores~Flores
disturbances~disturbances
buckaroos~buckaroos
transgressed~transgressée
tenures~tenures
channelised~canalisé
pinups~pinups
underfeeding~sous-alimentation
Babbitt's~Babbitt de
ascription~attribution
layman~profane
here's~voici
shingle~galets
avocations~occupations
displaying~displaying
sizing's~de dimensionnement
thrust's~de poussée
awfully~terriblement
trilobites~trilobites
surtax~surtaxe
mongrel~bâtard
uniquest~Uniquest
bulgier~bulgier
Yb~Yb
payslips~fiches de paie
pardners~Pardners
loutishness~goujaterie
inflation's~de l'inflation
weaning~sevrage
postmodernism's~postmodernisme de
unskillful~malhabile
Perot~Perot
Gustavo~Gustavo
thundershowers~thundershowers
putz~Putz
overpopulated~surpeuplé
fossilised~fossilised
aqueduct's~aqueduc de
disassociation~disassociation
madwoman~folle
thornier~plus épineux
rumour's~rumeurs
seafront's~front de mer de
Klondike~Klondike
Berkshires's~Années Berkshires
sackcloth's~Années Sackcloth
inhumanity~inhumanité
horsier~HORSIER
lubricator's~graisseur de
mortgagee~créancier hypothécaire
bulldogged~bulldogged
brake~frein
Bernadette's~Bernadette de
doyen's~doyen's
puddling~puddling
lawmaking's~processus législatif de
hardliner's~hardliner's
refuges~refuges
syndicated~syndiqué
syllabifies~syllabifies
Esperanza's~Esperanza de
knitting~tricot
wipe~essuyer
restrictions~restrictions
dory's~dory's
Erick~Erick
Talbot~Talbot
epidermal~epidermal
outsmarts~outsmarts
oftener~oftener
nasalised~nasalised
paradise's~paradis
cootie's~cootie's
notable's~de notables
Whitley~Whitley
switch's~commutateur de
Rhea's~Rhea de
Battle~Bataille
blackjack~blackjack
greenery~greenery
Nicaraguan~nicaraguayen
dewlap's~dewlap's
longtime~Longtemps
Ethernet~Ethernet
Poltava~Poltava
measliest~measliest
vapidness~fadeur
rusticated~rustiqué
overstimulate~énerver
tenderising~attendrisseur
hauteur's~de hauteur
Hg's~Hg de
Bannister~Rampe
Chicagoan's~Chicagoan de
hurtfully~blessante
Nescafe~Nescafé
Salvadorans~Salvadoriens
ooze~suinter
deformity~deformity
Tatum's~Tatum de
crimson's~crimson's
Libya~Libye
realist's~réaliste de
detentions~detentions
counteracts~counteracts
mildness's~bénignité de
informant's~informateur de
jetted~jets
cypress~cypress
percussive~percutant
Cointreau~Cointreau
scapegoated~boucs émissaires
deescalate~deescalate
antilabour~antilabour
Piaf~piaf
paring's~rognures
Burgundies~bourgognes
confessors~confesseurs
trenched~empiété
mashing~brassage
spacing's~espacement de
assign~attribuer
reneger's~reneger de
initiation's~l'initiation de
satire's~satire de
commencements~commencements
researchers~des chercheurs
Mirabeau's~Mirabeau
noncommittal~évasif
belying~contredisant
Corfu~Corfou
incubation~incubation
pueblo's~pueblo de
roach~gardon
endless~endless
lifts~ascenseurs
modular~modulaires
tided~tided
preach~prêcher
hash~hacher
lacework~dentelle
funny's~funny's
mortuaries~morgues
sash's~ceinture de
disposers~disposers
Kmart's~Kmart de
knifes~knifes
stomping~piétinant
pergolas~pergolas
usage~usage
stuffy~bouché
optima~optima
construct~construction
premium~prime
dismantles~dismantles
hist~hist
sitcoms~sitcoms
coffer~coffre
prescribed~prescrit
twiddle's~tripoter de
micromanaged~microgestion
efforts~efforts
Bahia~Bahia
innate~inné
EPA's~EPA
squandered~dilapidé
slaveholders~slaveholders
faerie's~faerie's
combat's~combat de
phrenologist's~de phrénologue
bailed~renflouées
typesets~typesets
naivety~la naïveté
shearer~tondeur
diaphanous~diaphanous
examination's~examination's
supported~prise en charge
ontology's~ontologie de
backer's~Backer de
herniates~herniates
originality's~l'originalité de
unselfishness~générosité
mycologist~mycologue
standoffs~écarteurs
leafstalks~pétioles
angstrom's~Angstrom de
mothers~mères
Lindy's~Lindy
conjectured~conjecturé
cirrhosis~cirrhose
mandrel's~mandrin années
sodomy~sodomie
parachute~parachute
Karakorum~Karakorum
Behring~Behring
Luce~Luce
scurrility's~de bouffonnerie
schwa's~schwa de
isobar~isobare
poleaxes~poleaxes
behave~se comporter
Os's~Os de
brief~bref
erodes~erodes
vertices~sommets
bad~mal
cowpox's~cowpox's
courtlier~courtlier
taunting~railleries
corruptibility~corruptibility
Marie~Marie
PDF~PDF
serendipitous~heureux hasard
Sperry's~Sperry de
unforeseeable~imprévisible
regurgitates~régurgite
Fermat's~Fermat de
neutering~neutering
gristle's~gristle's
perineum's~Années périnée
mourner~pleureuse
replicators~réplicateurs
neoplastic~néoplasique
carbonated~gazéifiée
lids~couvercles
replenishment~reconstitution
Lebanese~libanais
Gide~Gide
melioration's~de Melioration
majoritarian's~de majoritaires
seasoning~assaisonnement
dumpier~dumpier
recitations~récitations
popularises~popularise
prejudge~préjuger
cited~cité
Hatsheput~Hatchepsout
conic's~conic de
viscountesses~vicomtesses
lingers~attarde
body~corps
Felecia's~felecia de
iciness's~de iciness
Dias~Dias
disburse~disburse
gunfighters~gunfighters
Xiongnu~Xiongnu
sauciness~toupet
lift's~ascenseurs
Coffey's~Coffey de
Czechs~Tchèques
niggard's~niggard de
dedicated~dedicated
specify~spécifier
citizenship~citoyenneté
Shylockian~Shylockian
waggle~remuer
harpsichordist's~claveciniste de
tenderfoot~novice
neurasthenia's~de neurasthénie
butty~sandwich
suckling~allaitement
hokiest~hokiest
specialisms~spécialités
openly~ouvertement
portly~corpulent
Alvin's~Alvin
cogency~puissance
flimsy~flimsy
disaffiliate~disaffiliate
rearing~élevage
crawdads~crawdads
Clifford's~Clifford de
Baywatch~Alerte à Malibu
reduction's~réduction de
redcurrants~groseilles rouges
goodnight~goodnight
Corvus~Corvus
went~est allé
frangibility~frangibility
scale~échelle
overflow's~de trop-plein
strumming~grattant
boosts~booste
park~parc
Canton~Canton
geode's~geode's
periwigs~perruques
dilemma~dilemma
don's~don's
drillmaster~drillmaster
tr~tr
concession~Concession
chervil's~cerfeuil de
cupful's~cupful's
rekindle~raviver
contextual~contextual
oddity~singularité
virility's~de virilité
prophesiers~prophesiers
insurers~les assureurs
whitey~blanc
characteristic~caractéristiques
tempo~tempo
ford's~ford's
naturalisation~naturalisation
irascibility's~de irascibilité
dido's~dido's
overspecialisation~surspécialisation
invite's~inviter de
leek's~poireaux
overpricing~surfacturations
biophysicists~biophysiciens
revetment~revetment
terrorism~terrorisme
Muriel~Muriel
knocker~heurtoir
nonhuman~non humain
families~families
perambulator's~de landau
raggedness~raggedness
moi~moi
tycoons~magnats
harasser~harasser
sigh's~soupir de
quadraphonic~quadriphonique
vicissitude~vicissitudes
indicatively~à titre indicatif
paperers~paperers
brand's~marques
bootlegger~bootlegger
Joy~Joie
d'Estaing~d'Estaing
rightists~droitistes
derrick's~derrick's
boxwood~buis
Mycenae~Mycènes
Quinton~Quinton
swanker~swanker
repeat's~répétition de
superego~sur-moi
Chautauqua's~Chautauqua de
bilker's~filou de
cabochon~cabochons
illegality's~l'illégalité de
gamut~gamut
purifying~purification
jostle~bousculade
mosses~mousses
vane's~palette de
standpoint~point de vue
whine's~pleurnicher de
membership's~membres de
furbish~furbish
tummy's~le ventre de
Croesus's~Crésus de
Rolvaag's~Rolvaag de
clitorises~clitoris
preassigned~préaffectée
therapies~thérapies
sediments~sédiments
toothache's~mal de dents de
saddle's~selle de
interlocutor~interlocuteur
triumvirates~triumvirats
sledgehammered~sledgehammered
pullet's~poularde de
vitalisation's~vitalisation de
suffusion's~suffusion de
glowworm's~glowworm's
talkatively~talkatively
Rivieras~Rivieras
Tudor~Tudor
Earhart's~Earhart de
embed~embed
weave~tisser
crispness~crispness
saprophyte~saprophyte
twine's~années ficelle
drink's~drink's
Stanton~Stanton
billing's~facturation de
cola's~Cola
pinfeathers~chicots
supplement's~de supplément
smirks~smirks
airlifts~Transport aérien
knavish~rogue
Joanna's~Joanna
locus~lieu
technicolor~technicolor
Latino's~Latino de
Haman~Haman
banister's~banister de
addiction's~addiction
fizzes~fizzes
apiarist's~de apiarist
Raquel's~Raquel de
chappies~chappies
tented~sous tente
migration's~migration de
genitive~genitive
liftoff~décollage
pigmented~pigmenté
lethally~lethally
dethroning~dethroning
fiddled~fiddled
landsman~Landsman
equanimity's~equanimity's
trichina~trichine
purpose~objectif
equivalency's~equivalency's
woefulness's~de woefulness
Florentine's~Florentins
perplexities~perplexités
aficionado~aficionado
chirpier~chirpier
loudhailer's~loudhailer de
Babbage~Babbage
signage~signalisation
gutter~gutter
placard~placard
infidelity~infidélité
reservation~réservation
step~étape
miscarriage~fausse couche
Lubavitcher's~Loubavitch de
tautly~de manière tendue
allowance's~allocation de
spotlit~spotlit
defoliant~defoliant
types~les types
caging~encagement
vagrancy's~vagabondage de
Gregorian~grégorien
remissness's~indolence de
refreshing~rafraîchissant
conundrum's~conundrum's
reexamination~nouvel examen
Nichiren~Nichiren
servicing~entretien
Nirvana's~Nirvana
case~Cas
penitentiary's~pénitencier de
zapper~Zapper
speedway~voie express
pantomimists~pantomimes
quibblers~ergoteurs
skydived~skydived
preliterate~preliterate
stationmasters~les chefs de gare
ardour's~ardeur de
providentially~providentiellement
welt~trépointe
Kelly~Kelly
nonlegal~non juridique
undesirability~inopportunité
superannuated~suranné
parole's~de libération conditionnelle
bighorns~mouflons
Erin's~Erin de
befouling~befouling
Vinson~Vinson
knockoff's~Années knockoff
bombsites~sites bombardés
partakes~pARTICIPE
broadsheet~journal grand format
tattooer~tatoueuse
Elwood~Elwood
freshet's~freshet's
urticaria's~urticaire de
porous~poreux
YouTube's~de YouTube
ruination's~de ruination
pantsuits~pantailleurs
countenance~countenance
compo~Compo
antiquarians~antiquaires
opuses~opus
chiefdom~chefferies
thoughtlessness~légèreté
Dixon's~Dixon
sword~épée
indeterminable~indéterminable
backspaced~backspaced
freshmen~freshmen
generalissimo~generalissimo
dormitories~dormitories
savings's~épargne de
Melbourne~Melbourne
Deborah's~Deborah
endings~endings
aerosol~aérosol
assess~évaluer
soothing~apaisant
policeman's~policier de
deuterium~deuterium
charitableness's~charitableness de
tooled~Tooled
impermanent~transitoire
decapitate~decapitate
honed~poli
stipples~Pointillés
periodicity~périodicité
Carmine's~Carmine
Reconstruction's~reconstruction de
Yemeni's~de yéménites
discontentment~discontentment
polluter~pollueur
townsmen~citadins
quango~organisme non-gouvernemental quasi-autonome
sidekick~acolyte
tinniest~tinniest
pretensions~prétentions
obtrusion's~obturer les dents de
reascending~remontant
gnome~gnome
creaky~creaky
scorn~mépris
regretting~regrettant
wack~Wack
bayonets~baïonnettes
climax~Climax
colonels~colonels
calcimines~calcimines
transgression's~transgression de
Ticketmaster's~Ticketmaster de
luffing~relevable
malted's~malté de
escargot's~escargot's
blowjobs~fellations
waterwheels~Moulin à eau
Musharraf's~Musharraf
seance~séance
heiresses~héritières
advisement's~délibéré de
unisex~unisexe
harmonise~harmoniser
Rheingau~Rheingau
nonparallel's~Années non parallèles
insignificance~insignifiance
hydrometer's~densimètre de
epiglottis~epiglottis
reenlists~reenlists
lightness's~la légèreté de
steamfitter's~de tuyauteur
deftest~deftest
contributions~contributions
teabag~sachet de thé
pentacles~pentacles
acerbates~acerbates
cogs~roues dentées
unmodified~non modifiée
urbanised~urbanisée
microeconomics's~de microéconomie
incense~encens
abstemiousness's~de frugalité
trampler's~piétineuse de
becalms~becalms
bladed~lames
lakeside~bord du lac
inclining~inclinaison
Nassau~Nassau
gouty~gouty
Hayek~Hayek
nearest~la plus proche
gastropods~gastropods
Sartre~Sartre
splattered~éclaboussé
erupted~erupted
spriest~spriest
suasion~pression morale
mythologise~mythifier
lankest~lankest
forefingers~forefingers
disputatious~disputatious
wan~blême
focal~focal
Pavlova~Pavlova
dispassion's~dispassion's
jollied~jollied
raptness's~raptness de
defrauds~defrauds
concatenate~enchaîner
frogmarches~frogmarches
nervousness's~de la nervosité
carder's~cardeur de
tektite~tektite
hammerlocks~hammerlocks
libel~calomnie
disafforested~disafforested
chauffeur's~chauffeur de
stakeout~surveillance
translocation~translocation
axle~essieu
scammed~victime d'une arnaque
eclecticism's~eclecticism's
desperation~desperation
maharajahs~maharadjahs
tendency's~tendance de
prominence~importance
rubella~rubéole
annealed~recuits
banquettes~banquettes
evoke~evoke
rowdiness's~de chahuts
on~sur
Kuwaitis~Koweïtiens
Parrish's~Parrish
upgrades~mises à niveau
depersonalised~depersonalised
Cochin's~Cochin de
gram's~gram's
discontentment's~discontentment's
extinctions~extinctions
relearn~réapprendre
superficially~superficiellement
Hong~Hong
ethological~ethological
Best~Meilleur
dimmest~dimmest
waltzer~valseur
codifier's~codificateur de
trams~trams
attract~attirer
repute's~réputation de
shunted~shunté
Eddington's~Eddington de
ruling~décision
mutter's~Années Mutter
lightheartedly~gaieté de cœur
equitation~equitation
duckpins~duckpins
paddy~paddy
accentuated~accentué
meretriciousness's~meretriciousness de
Vickie's~Vickie de
tried~a essayé
memories~souvenirs
admission's~l'admission de
outdistances~devance
rims~jantes
tavern~taverne
fluctuating~fluctuating
obscured~obscurci
devotion~devotion
whirl~tourbillon
downsizes~downsizes
Australians~Australiens
gorp's~gorp's
psychoanalyst~psychanalyste
abridgement~réduction
boar~sanglier
denture's~denture's
cunningest~cunningest
tapirs~tapirs
Finn~Finlandais
rebelliousness~esprit de rébellion
holdouts~récalcitrants
sensuality~sensualité
gangsters~gangsters
biceps~biceps
merrymaker~fêtard
hormone's~les hormones
reserved~réservé
Clorox~Clorox
bloodiness~bloodiness
wickets~portillons
educator~educator
layout~disposition
cartels~cartels
snowstorm~tempête de neige
exegetic~exegetic
vampire~vampire
Rigoletto's~Rigoletto
nooks~coins
birthstones~birthstones
ungulates~ongulés
sulk's~bouder de
entwine~entwine
miscellany's~de miscellany
fer~fer
solidifying~solidifiant
overworks~surmène
mirthlessly~sans joie
nubile~nubile
extremists~extremists
ballistic~balistique
Rolvaag~Rolvaag
Zapotec~Zapotec
Bunker's~bunker de
conferment's~de collation
antics~bouffonneries
severer~sévère
Sondheim~Sondheim
reprehensible~répréhensible
merger~fusionnement
copulating~copulating
anniversary's~anniversaire de
inequitably~inéquitablement
catholicity~catholicité
philosopher's~philosophale
curios~curios
refreshers~refreshers
Soyinka~Soyinka
shipper's~expéditeur de
Gustavus~Gustavus
corespondents~corespondents
quirking~arquant
fissure~fissure
smilingly~en souriant
jigs~jigs
Royce~Royce
drift's~drift's
unlighted~unlighted
privies~privies
boiling~ébullition
leverage's~l'effet de levier de
Malaysians~Malaisiens
sackfuls~sacs pleins
snoops~fouineurs
HR~HEURE
adulteress's~de fornicatrice
birch's~bouleau de
crowdfund~crowdfund
flotsam's~flotsam's
flophouses~flophouses
Susanne~Susanne
besieged~assiégé
trivia~bagatelles
seguing~seguing
refurbishes~refourbit
haves~haves
parsecs~parsecs
irradiating~irradier
Araguaya~Araguaya
misbehaved~misbehaved
once~une fois que
corsages~corsages
dinar~dinar
inside~à l'intérieur
delectation~delectation
eliding~eliding
disgracing~disgracing
Bennie's~Bennie de
nerdy~ringard
bebop~bebop
cage~cage
braking~freinage
hurdle~obstacle
appurtenance's~accessoires
tasty~délicieux
biologist~biologiste
harshly~durement
slings~élingues
Herculean~herculéen
cages~cages
POW's~prisonniers de guerre
cabstand~cabstand
Gladys's~Gladys de
implicitly~implicitement
taller~plus grand
matriculate~s'inscrire
bleats~bêlements
sultana's~sultanes
countryside's~countryside's
fouling~fouling
oxygen's~de l'oxygène
clerics~clercs
Sen~Sen
Behring's~Behring de
cookout's~cookout's
hometowns~ville d'origine
forenoon's~forenoon's
earache~earache
Calgary's~celui de Calgary
Hanoi~Hanoi
sounder's~sondeur de
tamed~apprivoisé
Freeman~Homme libre
adulterates~falsifie
belie~démentir
hermaphrodite~hermaphrodite
taigas~taigas
choppering~choppering
weave's~de tissage
lover~amoureux
imminent~imminent
erudition~erudition
gangplank's~gangplank's
unsmiling~unsmiling
joggers~joggeurs
unfrock~défroquer
apparent~apparent
circulate~circuler
shingles~zona
anaesthetise~anesthésier
Bangkok~Bangkok
Sophie~Sophie
Loafer's~Flâneurs
suddenly~soudainement
locals~des locaux
widely~largement
seamount~seamount
redbird~oiseau rouge
aerators~aérateurs
churned~baratté
quashed~annula
Cassidy~Cassidy
gifted~gifted
procurement's~achats de
truthiness~truthiness
Nosferatu's~Nosferatu de
frailest~frailest
Genghis~Genghis
merry~joyeux
invulnerably~invulnerably
digested~digested
jimmy~Jimmy
palpation's~de palper
cohabited~cohabité
action~action
mishandling~mauvaise manipulation
finding~finding
inflatables~structures gonflables
ambitious~ambitieux
mantilla~mantille
foaming~foaming
Attica's~Attique de
incineration's~de l'incinération
crossbeam's~crossbeam's
trademark's~de marque
rejections~refus
flybys~flybys
feline~feline
scuttlebutt~ragots
coatrooms~coatrooms
breeds~races
consummations~consummations
McCarthy~McCarthy
desalination's~desalination's
won~a gagné
siphoning~siphonner
buzzards~busards
booster~booster
Madagascan's~de Madagascar
dukes~dukes
tax~impôt
SWAK~SWAK
improbabilities~invraisemblances
hunker~hunker
teamwork~travail en équipe
spyglasses~lunettes d'espion
Jeroboam's~Jéroboam de
bookkeeping~comptabilité
antiscience~antiscience
twinkly~twinkly
dandify~dandify
swinger's~échangiste de
puritan's~puritain de
thorough~approfondi
spasms~spasmes
legitimatised~legitimatised
stepchild's~de stepchild
obduracy's~endurcissement de
mordancy's~mordancy de
miniature~miniature
matriarchies~matriarcats
Shane~Shane
Steuben's~Steuben de
midweeks~midweek
depravity's~depravity's
ruckuses~ruckuses
Ayala's~Ayala de
demotivates~demotivates
woodcraft~Woodcraft
groggy~groggy
cysts~cysts
tees~tees
teetotalism~abstention de toute boisson alcoolique
sensitiveness~sensibilité
spectator's~spectateurs
unmemorable~immémoriale
interlacing~enlacement
induction~induction
divorcee~divorcee
Augustan's~augustéenne de
pining~pining
abbrevs~abbrevs
Doyle's~Doyle
Marple's~Marple de
earphone's~earphone's
property~propriété
Reuther's~Reuther de
Belleek's~belleek de
stealthy~furtif
Nebraskan~Nebraskan
battlements~créneaux
sashay's~sashay de
nitroglycerine~nitroglycérine
mulch~paillis
Cash~En espèces
Anatolia~Anatolie
moussing~moussing
embankment~embankment
concord~concorde
flippantly~flippantly
turquoises~turquoises
monopolists~monopoleurs
Zionist~Sioniste
preposition's~Prépositions
quail~Caille
hunkier~hunkier
blurring~flou
rankles~rankles
Sherri's~Sherri de
shoehorning~shoehorning
salespeople's~vendeurs des années
merriness's~de merriness
plannings~plannings
pastorate~pastorat
breathlessness~essoufflement
undershot~prognathisme
Maritain~Maritain
taxiing~taxiing
reevaluations~réévaluations
enforce~enforce
ecocide's~ecocide's
arthritics~arthritiques
Deann~deann
Carib~Carib
cooled~cooled
apex's~sommet de
sunbonnet~capeline
totalitarianism's~le totalitarisme du
ivies~lierres
behest~ordre
betakes~betakes
cognoscente~cognoscente
buckwheat's~sarrasin de
walrus's~morses de
kiddish~kiddish
hoping~en espérant
figuration~figuration
Ralph's~Ralph
Tyrone~Tyrone
constellation's~constellation de
Wilkins~Wilkins
moth~papillon de nuit
Krasnoyarsk's~Krasnoyarsk de
fuzzier~fuzzier
Calvary's~Calvaire de
root~racine
caning~bastonnade
radiography's~La radiographie de
Hettie's~Hettie de
provoking~provoquant
raunchy~lascif
activation's~activation de
bogged~embourbé
cytokines~cytokines
oleo's~Années oléo
sculler~sculler
tormentor~bourreau
tuckers~tuckers
syndicate~syndicat
relocates~relocalise
consultancies~consultancies
whittling~grignotage
afflict~affliger
dead's~dead's
musketeer's~Années mousquetaire
chloroplasts~chloroplastes
Gobi's~Gobi de
Ramon's~Ramon de
bowwow~Bow Wow
churlishness's~de grossièreté
villager~villageois
analogising~analogising
Church's~église
bewilderment's~ahurissement de
verdant~verdoyant
baited~appâtés
piratical~de pirate
bodegas~bodegas
screwiness~screwiness
cookie's~cookie's
ordure's~de immondices
zircon~zircon
snivel~pleurnicher
chandler~shipchandler
cranny's~cranny's
largest~le plus grand
frowzier~frowzier
haemorrhoids~haemorrhoids
viking~viking
wherewithal's~moyens nécessaires de
Pasquale's~Pasquale
catboats~catboats
axolotls~axolotl
failing's~failing's
stylish~élégant
Amen~Amen
Balearic~Baléares
surcharges~frais supplémentaires
drillmasters~drillmasters
cheaply~à bon marché
camisole~camisole
nutmeats~cerneaux
legitimisation~légitimation
cede~céder
muddied~boueuse
poulticing~cataplasme
instability's~l'instabilité de
anatomies~anatomies
mountaineered~mountaineered
goosesteps~goosesteps
wampum~wampum
tossup's~de tossup
shovels~pelles
embezzlement~embezzlement
unyoke~dételer
parenting~le rôle parental
reamers~alésoirs
livelihood's~des moyens de subsistance
incivility~incivilité
Caracalla~Caracalla
babyhood's~Petite enfance de
token~jeton
eruptions~eruptions
unicorn~Licorne
icing~glaçage
afforestation's~boisement de
harvest's~récolte
thumbing~manier maladroitement
looter's~de pilleur
dormers~dormers
cumming~cumming
Rumpelstiltskin~Rumpelstiltskin
grasslands~grasslands
dustiest~dustiest
insofar~dans la mesure où
Capablanca's~Capablanca de
balladeer~balladeer
numbskull~numbskull
boutique's~boutique de
passage's~de passage
claimed~revendiqué
assault~agression
Garvey~Garvey
shellac~gomme laque
dadoes~dadoes
neutrino~neutrino
Delphi~Delphes
objurgating~objurgating
confutes~réfute
tragedienne's~de tragédienne
inspirit~encourager
informality~absence de formalité
destructs~destructs
sager~sager
Utes~utes
jumpily~jumpily
arching~arquées
disappearance's~disappearance's
chemise's~Années chemise
toolbar's~barre d'outils de
rent~location
divisively~divisively
radioactivity's~la radioactivité de
liberalism~libéralisme
shorting~les courts-circuits
liquids~liquides
dogsbody~dogsbody
earbud~earbud
wasp's~guêpes
pas~pas
hacksaws~hacksaws
evaluation~evaluation
Pele~Pelé
Turgenev~Tourgueniev
Jericho's~Jericho de
outcasts~parias
saver~épargnant
harangued~harangued
shrubs~arbustes
stereotype~stéréotype
moussed~moussed
wherry's~Wherry de
sidelined~mis à l'écart
cedar's~cèdre de
nook~coin
onsite~sur place
congregationalist's~de congrégationaliste
macaroons~macarons
Eldon's~Eldon de
mite's~des acariens de
agleam~rayonnant
imposingly~imposingly
Farsi~Persan
confraternity's~de confraternité
thorn's~les épines
stags~cerfs
Lucille~Lucille
hacktivists~hacktivists
delightful~delightful
occupies~occupe
bloodshot~injecté de sang
disregardful~disregardful
blurb~texte de présentation
salsa~salsa
reasserting~réaffirmant
Achernar~achernar
stirrer~agitateur
barbecues~barbecues
recirculate~recirculer
dad~dad
differing~differing
moshes~Moshes
anteaters~fourmiliers
Christmastimes~Christmastimes
obstetric~obstétrical
blancmange~blanc-manger
vegges~vegges
skittered~skittered
emu~emu
spillway~déversoir
distended~distended
scruffiest~scruffiest
generic~generic
elk~elk
linkups~maillages
scrupled~craignit
homepage~Page d'accueil
Helga~Helga
mundane~banal
daydreamer's~daydreamer's
cassocks~soutanes
ct~ct
cobras~cobras
meaningful~significatif
residuals~résidus
floors~floors
overtime's~de temps supplémentaire
deposit~deposit
martyring~martyriser
clanked~clanked
arrested~arrêté
Angevin's~angevines de
argues~soutient
aerial's~aériennes de
voluminousness~voluminousness
theory's~La théorie de
interesting~intéressant
backhanded~équivoque
initiatory~initiateur
Madelyn's~Madelyn de
survival's~la survie de
centripetally~centripète
ictus~ictus
noddle~caboche
Compton~Compton
Osceola~Osceola
contralto's~contralto's
puttee~bande molletière
podcasts~podcasts
cartload's~charretée de
Strindberg's~Années Strindberg
wording~formulation
read~lis
contagious~contagious
twill's~twill de
cannibal's~cannibale de
polestars~Polestars
acupuncture~acupuncture
refining~raffinage
curdled~curdled
frustrate~frustrate
telescopic~télescopique
socialite's~socialite de
pinkeye's~pinkeye de
tong's~pinces
repaint~repeindre
vet~vétérinaire
newswoman~newswoman
pimplier~pimplier
Truffaut's~Truffaut
stolider~stolider
Rodney's~Rodney
coquetted~coquetted
apricot's~abricot de
evokes~evokes
instrumented~instrumenté
encore~encore
disappear~disappear
bowleg~bowleg
aurally~auditivement
pizzazz's~années Pizzazz
crushing~crushing
steerage's~entrepont de
dichotomous~dichotomous
Marconi's~Marconi
prepped~prepped
seedcases~seedcases
tonearms~bras de lecture
gentlefolk's~gentlefolk's
Luciano~Luciano
Ramakrishna~Ramakrishna
Kickapoo's~kickapoo de
Schwinn~Schwinn
boss~patron
undeniably~indéniablement
condign~adéquat
scalawag~coquin
neutral's~de neutre
principality's~principauté de
fins~fins
malaria~paludisme
Etta~Etta
Jocelyn~Jocelyn
accruals~charges à payer
subsumed~subsumé
wavering~flottement
Zaporozhye~Zaporozhye
deadlines~deadlines
harmonisation's~l'harmonisation de
feed's~feed's
reemergence's~Années réémergence
neatness~propreté
updater~updater
aphids~pucerons
profiling~profilage
jinxed~ensorcelé
suspiciously~soupçonneusement
vituperative~vitupératif
probationer~stagiaire
hardback~hardback
signifies~signifie
Madras~Madras
Goldwater's~Goldwater
Winfred's~Winfred de
slobber's~bave de
Iqbal's~Iqbal de
suppl~suppl
glen~glen
shooting~tournage
Donaldson~Donaldson
Australasia's~Australasie de
subjunctive~subjonctif
sculled~sculled
prays~prie
Somalis~Somaliens
GCC~GCC
inland's~à l'intérieur de
porterhouses~porterhouses
bight's~Bight de
enclosures~enclosures
contrivance~contrivance
foxier~foxier
incessantly~sans cesse
irreconcilable~irréconciliable
gowned~gowned
Aspidiske~Aspidiske
notice's~avis de
settle~régler
atheists~athées
razing~rasant
eradicators~eradicators
Hettie~Hettie
pruner's~élagueur de
manipulation~manipulation
Mandelbrot~Mandelbrot
proceeding's~procédure
sallowness's~sallowness de
Rustbelt~Ceinture rouillée
contemplative's~contemplative's
Brussels's~Années Bruxelles
mailbombs~mailbombs
avoids~évite
Lockean~lockéenne
babies~bébés
fluctuation's~fluctuation's
Altai's~Altai de
womanly~féminin
Beasley~Beasley
banyans~banians
Vesalius's~Vésale de
cartographer's~de cartographe
unbinding~déliaison
organdie~organdi
entangled~entangled
reindeer~renne
lenient~indulgent
mawkish~fade
shaping~façonner
dybbukim~dybbukim
grommet's~grommet's
wrack's~goémon de
ethnics~ethnics
gantlets~gantlets
telethon's~Téléthon de
ran~a couru
why'd~Pourquoi
Grable's~Grable de
EDT~EDT
Henrik~Henrik
ridiculous~ridicule
Cr's~Cr de
astatine~astate
timetable's~du calendrier
mob's~foule de
Jesuits~jésuites
meninges~méninges
infield~avant-champ
seldom~rarement
Montesquieu~Montesquieu
centrefold~centrefold
eliminates~eliminates
hue~teinte
shan't~ne doit pas
centreboard~dérive
Hereford~Hereford
cladding's~de revêtement
whitewashes~badigeons
disenchants~disenchants
recommences~recommence
cursoriness's~cursoriness's
splurges~splurges
nailing~cloutage
Alexis~Alexis
Euterpe's~Euterpe de
pierce~transpercer
ousts~évince
Canaanites~Cananéens
queened~régné
pp~pp
quark~quark
idiomatic~idiomatique
creel~creel
stirringly~stirringly
perilously~dangereusement
Johnathon~Johnathon
repudiators~criaient
crossed~crossed
bile's~biliaires de
order's~ordres
lisp's~Lisp de
pragmatically~pragmatiquement
drowned~drowned
unawareness~ignorance
futurists~futurists
deadheading~deadheading
nun's~SOEURS
villainy's~vilenie de
cussed~cussed
clasping~clasping
Alsace's~Alsace de
boil~ébullition
Ln~Ln
interceptor~intercepteur
monsignors~monsignors
overground~Overground
Murcia~Murcia
speediest~plus rapide
gallstones~gallstones
bolts~boulons
snacked~snacked
enlarger~enlarger
Quincy's~Quincy de
magneto's~magnéto de
Angelo~Angelo
Aguascalientes~Aguascalientes
disbursement~disbursement
tutus~tutus
petabyte's~pétaoctet de
accounted~comptabilisés
naturalism's~le naturalisme de
vinyl's~le vinyle
pastiche's~pastiche de
Rome~Rome
blitzkrieg~guerre éclair
learning~apprentissage
clutched~embrayé
nymphet~nymphette
this~ce
Anglophile~anglophile
Cody~Cody
munificence's~de munificence
binmen~binmen
underlie~sous-tendre
divorcee's~divorcee's
noncommercials~noncommercials
immobility~immobilité
scruffily~scruffily
tinning~étamage
manipulation's~manipulations
hybridise~hybrident
chants~chants
contain~contain
headboards~têtes de lit
girls~girls
intuitively~intuitivement
peaceably~pacifiquement
bushelling~bushelling
spieled~spieled
loather's~de loather
rube~péquenaud
fetus's~fetus's
pervading~répandu
stashed~planqué
realpolitik's~realpolitik de
apostle~apôtre
declarative~declarative
Brut~Brut
polemicist~polémiste
gymnosperm~gymnosperm
Kempis~Kempis
Rolland's~Rolland
accession~accession
triage~triage
learners~apprenants
vapid~insipide
schooners~goélettes
premiered~premiered
Shintoist's~shintoïste de
stratus's~Stratus de
glands~glands
cohesion~cohésion
rededicated~reconsacré
walkover's~promenade de santé de
Providence~Providence
assortment's~assortiment de
Oregonian~Oregonian
Argentine~argentin
gammon~gammon
draughty~draughty
revolver~revolver
paramedical's~paramédicale de
fetishist's~fetishist's
delete~delete
collaborations~collaborations
reams~ramettes
incomprehension's~de incompréhensions
hunter~chasseur
glitzy~glitzy
humanoid~humanoïde
whooper~whooper
curmudgeonly~curmudgeonly
profess~professer
Sheri~Sheri
farmhand~farmhand
Tasmanian~Tasmanian
drainer's~drainer's
midget~nain
prognostications~pronostications
policewoman~femme policier
unpacks~décompresse
hirsuteness~hirsuteness
gigabit~gigabit
unseeded~têtes de série
hawthorn~aubépine
ladyfingers~doigts de femme
pushovers~une proie facile
interlope~interlope
girder~girder
dallies~dallies
weirdie~curieux
Micah~Micah
positivist~positiviste
glassily~glassily
kid's~des gamins
glycerol~glycerol
waffler~waffler
predominated~prédominé
barhopping~tournée des bars
adoptive~adoptif
hydrolyses~hydrolyses
piastres~piastres
stingier~stingier
hop~saut
inapt~inapte
predisposes~prédispose
Tate's~Tate
bawl's~Années brailler
airlock~airlock
smartphone~téléphone intelligent
duster~duster
Tatar~tatar
disquiet~disquiet
amorous~amoureux
backslapping~backslapping
hippodromes~hippodromes
newlines~retour à la ligne
Alamogordo's~Alamogordo de
hemstitched~ajourée
gregariously~gregariously
foiled~foiled
Ozzie~Ozzie
Lorene~Lorene
chokecherry~chokecherry
int~int
electrolytic~electrolytic
eviction's~eviction's
funniness~funniness
savouries~savouries
Cognac's~Cognac de
childproofs~childproofs
parch~dessécher
godchildren's~godchildren's
whistlers~siffleurs
trio's~trio
definition's~definition's
steals~steals
Teflons~téflons
swinish~dégueulasse
periphery~périphérie
needless~inutile
couturier~couturier
glorification~glorification
squiffy~pompette
stoical~stoïque
amicability~amabilité
samovars~samovars
imitator's~de imitatrice
unconsolidated~non consolidé
demesnes~demesnes
chary~prudent
clergyman~pasteur
chines~bouchains
Presbyterian~presbytérien
authorisations~autorisations
titleholder~tenant du titre
protoplasm's~de protoplasme
click~Cliquez
handful~handful
savour~saveur
ineluctable~inéluctable
HDD~HDD
twinklings~scintillements
gravitation's~gravitation's
literate's~lire et écrire de
organically~organiquement
Duisburg~Duisburg
rating's~évaluation de
I's~Est
reinsertion~réinsertion
detesting~detesting
butch's~butch de
dud~dud
anthills~fourmilières
Shelia~Shelia
deplorably~deplorably
retake~reprendre
loquaciousness's~de loquacité
emblazoned~emblazoned
Horus~Horus
sewerage's~de l'assainissement
imbues~imprègne
sport's~des sports
decoding~decoding
lawn's~pelouse de
tippers~basculeurs
mistreating~maltraiter
convoke~convoke
spellchecked~spellchecked
guilelessness's~guilelessness's
Rama's~Rama
attitude's~attitudes
introit's~introït de
freeloads~freeloads
layaway's~mise de côté de
fiver~fiver
runaround's~de runaround
apathetic~apathique
deplaned~deplaned
trounced~étriller
surplus~surplus
noninfectious~non infectieux
wedded~marié
gregariousness~gregariousness
enclosure~enclosure
Albigensian's~albigeoise de
putrid~putride
thole~tolet
Molnar~Molnar
rooter~rooter
suited~adapté
phloem~phloème
laundry's~blanchisserie de
heel's~talons
spooky~effrayant
railroading~railroading
typecast~typecast
groundswells~groundswells
slipknots~coulants
convalescent's~convalescent's
musclemen~musclés
unvaried~unvaried
apolitical~apolitique
maraud~marauder
analysed~analysé
taxers~taxers
mane's~mânes
neighbours~voisins
delay's~delay's
insatiability~insatiabilité
admissibility's~recevabilité de
whats~ce qui est
voluptuously~voluptueusement
compendium~compendium
Conn's~Conn de
Tuskegee~Tuskegee
dragooned~dragooned
stonewalling~évasives
dogie's~dogie's
aquaplane's~aquaplane de
pitilessness~impitoyable
nonenforceable~nonenforceable
tomato's~tomate de
maintenance's~entretien de
rang~a sonné
impelling~impulsive
tracts~tracts
peacekeeper~casque bleu
distracts~distracts
trait's~traits
Berle~Berle
yang's~Yang
mutiny's~mutinerie de
inasmuch~dans la mesure où
Gorky's~Gorki
transliterating~translittération
Hooters~Hooters
curvaceousness~curvaceousness
Barrymore's~Barrymore de
deadline~deadline
hand~hand
commentator's~commentateur de
cochineal's~de cochenille
volumes~volumes
watered~arrosé
mixture's~mélange de
eyewash's~eyewash's
shovel~pelle
winches~treuils
excerpt~excerpt
Proverbs~les proverbes
troubleshooter's~de Troubleshooter
variations~variations
turtlenecks~Cols roulés
aliens~extraterrestres
indulged~se livraient
shorten~raccourcir
sepulchre's~sépulcre de
revivalist's~de revivaliste
yeshivas~yeshivot
prosecuting~poursuivre
bidding's~enchères de
accept~Acceptez
tachyon~Tachyon
bird~oiseau
landsman's~Landsman de
adieus~adieus
locksmiths~serruriers
oboist~hautboïste
extolling~extolling
fatefulness~fatefulness
sepulchred~sepulchred
reabsorbing~résorbant
Schroeder~Schroeder
inroads~incursions
housemaids~femmes de chambre
dourness~dourness
ratiocinating~ratiocinating
corrugation~corrugation
cosmology's~cosmology's
carnivorousness~carnivorousness
honeybee~abeille
phoned~téléphoné
coterie's~coterie's
schilling's~schilling de
bushelled~bushelled
ticklishness~chatouillement
conflagration's~conflagration de
Kirchner's~Kirchner
imbue~imprégner
influence's~L'influence de
Pericles's~Périclès de
corbel~corbel
speculators~les spéculateurs
sails~voilure
groan's~groan's
relive~revivre
u~u
navigated~navigué
macerating~macérer
Okla~Okla
beg~mendier
wooed~courtisé
untarnished~sans tache
Hopi's~Hopi de
depresses~depresses
eunuch's~eunuch's
errors~errors
desire~desire
muskie~maskinongé
criminality's~criminality's
cursor's~cursor's
hijackers~pirates de l'air
hypos~hypoglycémies
snarlingly~snarlingly
McCain~McCain
medallion's~médaillon
entr'acte~entr'acte
semiprofessional's~de semi-professionnels
unforced~non forcée
agronomist's~agronome de
pushed~pressé
fireplug's~fireplug's
flysheets~flysheets
Se's~SE
Canute's~Canute de
whams~whams
augments~Améliorés
somebodies~somebodies
pleasure~plaisir
vanguard's~avant-garde de
Gabrielle's~Gabrielle
batik~batik
streakers~Streakers
clinic's~clinique de
hydrous~hydrous
giveaway's~giveaway's
pertains~rapporte
graphics~graphics
Augsburg's~Augsburg de
pocketbooks~livres de poche
Conan's~Conan
woodcutting~Coupe de bois
abolitionism's~de l'abolitionnisme
Demosthenes's~de Démosthène
grownup~grownup
fax's~fax's
parathion~parathion
explained~explained
masterwork's~chef-d'oeuvre de
cahoot's~Cahoot de
unscrewed~dévissée
draughtswomen~draughtswomen
absolute's~absolue de
shinning~shinning
indignantly~indignée
tonality's~de tonalité
arty~arty
descanting~descanting
Harbin's~Harbin de
mismatches~discordances
came~venu
Mathias's~Mathias de
tinniness's~de tinniness
thong~lanière
Conakry~Conakry
Milan's~Milan de
manometer's~manomètre de
disparity's~disparity's
compulsory~obligatoire
naps~siestes
reminder's~rappel de
turnbuckles~ridoirs
flout~flout
advises~conseille
drip's~drip's
floorwalkers~floorwalkers
rowdyism~chahut
hacktivist~hacktivist
deathtraps~deathtraps
bullishness's~de tendance haussière
sanitising~désinfectante
habitat~habitat
scholarship's~Bourses d'études
sinker's~de plomb
incubation's~incubation de
luckiness~luckiness
snuffles~snuffles
BB~BB
becalmed~encalminé
fascinated~fascinated
freshening~freshening
Maldives~Maldives
contest~contest
Caldwell~Caldwell
nibble's~de quartets
constrain~contraindre
unclouded~sans nuages
shortwave's~ondes courtes de
spicules~spicules
yucca's~yucca de
importuned~importuné
libeller~calomnieux
intruder~intrus
flaunts~flaunts
currycomb's~currycomb's
shiver~frisson
telex's~télex de
secularism's~la laïcité de
tatter's~lambeaux
cardinals~cardinaux
capitations~capitation
shapeliest~shapeliest
pitapat's~pitapat de
verrucas~verrucas
parasitism~parasitisme
titty~Titty
politicos~politicards
fold's~fold's
opus's~opus de
foreknowledge's~foreknowledge's
prophesier~prophesier
glaciating~glaciating
Kazantzakis's~Kazantzakis de
electroscope~electroscope
adiabatic~adiabatiques
headgear~couvre-chef
unauthentic~inauthentique
conj~conj
Presley~Presley
paddock's~paddock de
descended~descended
prototyping~prototypage
yummiest~yummiest
vuvuzela's~vuvuzela de
gaggle's~gaggle's
paths~chemins
rebelled~rebellé
Holman~Holman
standalone~autonome
Pekings~Pekings
whacked~claqué
Aachen~Aachen
furtherance~furtherance
spaniels~épagneuls
overcloud~devenir sombre
Carl~Carl
vivaria~vivariums
exhibitionism~exhibitionism
parroted~psittacismes
actuality~actualité
flaps~flaps
thraldom~esclavage
mightn't~peut-être pas
town~ville
hardeners~hardeners
English~Anglais
lordship's~seigneurie de
sodomite's~de sodomite
ringmasters~ringmasters
Seebeck's~Seebeck de
starriest~étoilé
Ohioan~ohioan
Rilke~Rilke
thrifty~économe
remorseless~sans remords
arcade's~arcades
preforms~préformes
redissolves~redissout
languor's~de langueurs
revolving~tournant
humping~bosse
cowpat~cowpat
cretin's~cretin's
fakir~fakir
ruched~ruché
speleologist~spéléologue
blackmailed~victime de chantage
downloads~downloads
exceptionally~exceptionally
distraction's~distraction's
shirt's~chemises
rescue's~rESCOUSSE
underestimating~sous-estime
archdiocese's~archidiocèse de
Cid~Cid
feminise~feminise
jars~bocaux
gallows's~gallows's
catalogue's~Le catalogue de
immunoglobulin~immunoglobuline
Thornton's~Thornton
dyed~dyed
bereave~priver
cookbooks~cookbooks
mussel's~moules
stereotyping~les stéréotypes
inductively~inductivement
amateurs~amateurs
foulard's~foulard's
bourgeoisie's~bourgeoisie de
trite~banal
rectums~rectums
translucence's~de translucidité
figures~figures
pule~gémir
mother~mère
Mendez~Méndez
gruelling~gruelling
catchiest~accrocheuse
poisoner~empoisonneur
Richard's~de Richard
Protestant~protestant
tissues~tissus
blotching~marbrures
Dictaphones~dictaphones
electrodes~electrodes
equal~equal
masturbation~masturbation
Pottawatomie's~Pottawatomie de
palatalises~palatalises
Majorca's~Majorque de
garnisheeing~garnisheeing
racking~soutirage
duchies~duchies
dependant's~dependant's
Argonaut's~Argonaut de
conductress~conductrice
devour~devour
egresses~egresses
generation's~generation's
comb~peigne
climbing's~grimpe
fruitful~fruitful
benedictory~benedictory
EEC~CEE
Alphonse's~Alphonse de
buttercream~buttercream
Saunders~Saunders
stead's~place de
middies~marinières
plumb's~fil à plomb de
extremes~extremes
scurvy~scorbut
radioed~transmis par radio
Dirac's~Dirac
descent~descent
exosphere's~exosphere's
madness~la démence
spying~espionnage
unnerved~énervée
theorists~théoriciens
workmate~camarade de travail
rangefinders~télémètres
mellifluousness~mellifluousness
Bentley's~Bentley
straw~paille
Tuareg~touareg
poll~sondage
flaying~flaying
yachtswomen~navigatrices
esters~esters
pictographs~pictographs
disfranchisement's~disfranchisement's
quotable~digne d'être cité
cardiae~cardiae
greeter~greeter
bizarre~bizarre
stemless~acaules
deprived~deprived
reasons~les raisons
boundless~sans bornes
burble~murmurer
granduncles~granduncles
blends~mélanges
caulker~calfateur
withed~withed
speedups~speedups
Onondaga's~Onondaga de
afternoon~après midi
amnestied~amnistié
mends~Mends
mainmast's~grand mât de
braved~bravé
previewing~prévisualisation
suffering~Souffrance
poolroom's~de poolroom
Redgrave~Redgrave
evaluated~evaluated
abbreviate~abréger
Minotaur's~Minotaure de
abraded~abrasée
crest~crest
tabulator's~tabulator de
exposures~exposures
liaised~assuré la liaison
digestives~digestives
upholder~défenseur
provisionally~provisoirement
leaving~en quittant
Shinto's~shintoïste de
interconnection~interconnection
enrol~enrol
snowsuits~snowsuits
Katheryn~Katheryn
Frontenac~Frontenac
jawlines~jawlines
smearier~smearier
goalkeepers~goalkeepers
abracadabra~abracadabra
tern's~sternes de
feudalistic~feudalistic
negotiation's~négociation de
druggist~druggist
downsized~downsized
darer~darer
describing~describing
lingo~jargon
opals~opales
capitol's~capitole de
beer~Bière
slams~slams
remorse~remords
AFC's~AFC de
pikestaff~pikestaff
fatwa~fatwa
pander~entremetteur
telecommunications~télécommunications
disavowal's~disavowal's
Julie's~Julie
humbler's~de plus modestes
proficiency~compétence
Guinness's~Guinness de
plebiscite's~plébiscite de
humanises~humanise
Shelton~Shelton
sorehead~rouspéteur
toxicologist~toxicologue
Microsoft's~Microsoft
Almohad's~almohade de
misalignment~désalignement
hotties~chaudasses
nightfall's~la nuit tombe
lubricious~lubrique
unnatural~non naturel
plus~plus
shakedown~lit de fortune
horoscope~horoscope
flurrying~flurrying
kipping~Kipping
velum~voile du palais
manhole's~trou d'homme de
conciser~conciser
tabbing~tabbing
intranet~intranet
replicates~réplicats
kip's~Kip de
keened~keened
baguette's~baguettes
fucker's~fucker's
Agatha~Agatha
coach's~entraîneur de
guzzler's~guzzler's
graphed~graphed
Pen~Stylo
lowliness~humilité
churchwomen~churchwomen
veg~Veg
emigrants~emigrants
Uruguayan~uruguayen
masons~maçons
acetate~acétate
refracted~réfractée
Freida~Freida
seedbed~lit de semence
psychotic's~de psychotiques
twelves~twelves
secant~sécante
transom~traverse
roofs~toits
briefing's~séance d'information de
taxidermy~empaillage
inlet's~entrée de
dosage~dosage
Wade~Patauger
Anaxagoras~Anaxagore
junction's~jonction de
secreted~sécrété
curd's~curd's
fakes~fakes
college~Université
drivings~drivings
hammock's~hammock's
chuntered~chuntered
cybernetics's~cybernetics's
circumvent~circonvenir
saffron's~le safran de
correlate's~correlate's
drainage~drainage
Jay's~Jay
multiplied~multiplié
saliva~salive
possessive~possessif
metacarpal~métacarpien
sophistical~sophistiqué
Leonel~Leonel
generalities~generalities
magniloquence~magniloquence
involvement~participation
hussy~coquine
travailing~enfantement
combination's~combinaison de
orthographically~orthographiquement
basil~basilic
communistic~communiste
silhouetting~détourage
fumbles~fumbles
marsh's~Le marais de
thingamabob's~Années Thingamabob
warmed~réchauffé
Podunk's~podunk de
fussiness's~fussiness's
nonplussed~décontenancé
peregrinated~peregrinated
entreaties~entreaties
cart's~panier de
qty~qté
bract~bractée
overabundant~surabondante
Jason's~Jason
insolent~insolent
showmanship's~de la mise en scène
pored~pores ouverts
subsumption~subsomption
betrothal's~de fiançailles
Manson~Manson
signalmen~signalmen
misquotation's~de misquotation
investor~investisseur
disturbers~disturbers
MS~MME
sheltered~protégé
confusers~confusers
rennet~présure
readmits~réadmet
glossolalia~glossolalia
apprised~mis au courant
expostulating~expostulating
retelling~retelling
pinnies~dossards
Normandy's~Normandie de
preoccupied~préoccupé
ans~ans
mineralogy~minéralogie
sawbones~chirurgien
damages's~damages's
weirdos~cinglés
creeds~creeds
reconnect~reconnecter
signalising~signalising
faltering~faltering
fancifully~fancifully
bicuspid's~de prémolaires
invasive~envahissant
lagging~calorifugeage
boxiest~boxiest
idolaters~idolâtres
concentrate's~concentrés
Sennett's~Sennett de
reactionaries~réactionnaires
net's~net de
unsoundest~unsoundest
taggers~tagueurs
switchblade~Switchblade
dryer's~dryer's
price's~des prix
shrewdly~astucieusement
cannery's~conserveries de
presidency's~présidence de
tugged~tiraillé
Gilmore's~gilmore de
phraseology~phraséologie
bombardier's~Bombardier
toe~doigt de pied
Blackstone~Pierre noire
Prozac's~Prozac
analytically~analytiquement
astringents~astringents
julep~boisson sucrée
merit's~le mérite de
ballsing~ballsing
springboard's~tremplin
scallops~escalopes
astringently~astringently
nomenclature's~nomenclature de
Kshatriya's~Kshatriya de
unlimber~unlimber
Croatia's~Croatie de
contemplates~contemplates
entrepreneurial~entrepreneurial
electrocardiographs~electrocardiographs
Dawn's~dawn
legginess's~Années sur pattes
tardiest~plus en retard
gimmicky~gimmicky
saddling~seller
electrified~electrified
dreading~dreading
Walt~Walt
Hrothgar's~Hrothgar de
Hopkins's~Hopkins de
Styron's~Styron de
grumbled~grumbled
bandannas~bandanas
discriminator~discriminator
corrector~corrector
locusts~sauterelles
variance's~variance de
Creed~Credo
eviscerated~eviscerated
conniptions~conniptions
plucks~fressure
survivor's~sURVIVANTS
crooknecks~crooknecks
decking~decking
actuary's~actuaire de
professes~professe
ptarmigan~lagopède
ramrods~ramrods
efferent~efferent
humblers~humblers
hotkey~hotkey
gillions~gillions
fawned~fawned
assuming~en supposant
projector's~projecteur de
Lean's~Lean
prowlers~rôdeurs
succouring~secourable
Dictaphone's~Dictaphone de
sliminess~sliminess
Dan's~Dan
barbarians~barbares
ochre's~ocre de
unmanned~sans équipage
equalises~equalises
Greeks~Grecs
renovation's~rénovations
possessor's~possesseur de
fricassees~fricassees
automatons~automates
salerooms~salles de ventes
Efrain's~Efrain de
cliched~cliched
bonds~obligations
Antoinette~Antoinette
bushman~Bushman
betaking~betaking
raucous~rauque
coulombs~coulombs
bassist's~bassistes
usurped~usurpé
grimes~grimes
industrious~industrieux
delivered~delivered
Eyre~Eyre
Zamboni's~Zamboni de
deduction~deduction
irrigating~irrigation
phoneyed~phoneyed
waterworks's~adduction d'eau de
ch~ch
lone~seul
lushes~lushes
Sinkiang's~Sinkiang de
tassel's~houppe de
headmen~chefs de village
chappy~Chappy
exposes~exposes
nauseatingly~nauseatingly
institutionally~institutionnellement
decryption~decryption
zonal~zonal
MRI~IRM
youthfulness~jeunesse
disaster~disaster
computerising~informatiser
ululates~ululates
delivers~delivers
cookhouses~cookhouses
Anthony's~Anthony
whitefish~poisson blanc
lilo~lilo
Taiwanese's~de Taïwan
redistricting~redécoupage électoral
spathe's~Années spathe
televangelism's~de télévangélisme
Indonesia~Indonésie
improviser~improvisateur
museums~musées
damnable~damnable
epidemics~epidemics
breezier~breezier
webcast~diffusion sur le Web
championing~champion
embroils~embroils
Goteborg~Goteborg
southerners~sudistes
manipulate~manipuler
Ibsen~Ibsen
clef's~de clef
soulmates~âmes soeurs
Aleppo's~Alep de
felines~felines
minimisation~minimisation
Playtex's~Playtex de
grovel~grovel
bristles~poils
delftware's~delftware's
devilries~devilries
Nembutal~Nembutal
unexpired~restant à courir
penuriously~chichement
nestling's~oisillon de
backing~support
ungulate~ongulé
municipality~municipalité
septet~Septet
expurgation's~expurgation's
wackiness~wackiness
circumlocutory~circonlocutions
outworking~outworking
rotisserie~rôtissoire
Gnosticism's~gnosticisme de
whirlpool~tourbillon
menace~menace
widescreens~widescreens
valency's~valences de
acidosis~acidose
devouring~devouring
bacchanalian's~Années bachiques
pomaded~pommadés
username's~nom d'utilisateur de
divisibility~divisibility
endurance's~endurance's
superseded~remplacé
lag~décalage
plenums~plénums
Wheeling~Wheeling
dobbed~dobbed
elapsing~elapsing
molar~molaire
confession~confession
Grover~Grover
staunch~étancher
dumbest~dumbest
sizzling~grésillement
gated~gated
sepia~sépia
Wallis~Wallis
pupping~mise bas
xrefs~xrefs
popping~popping
cocci~cocci
emigrated~emigrated
anomalies~anomalies
URL~URL
outworker~travailleur à domicile
substitutions~substitutions
Lafayette~Lafayette
marabout's~marabout de
cowhand~cowhand
crucibles~crucibles
Katy's~Katy
vegan's~végétalien de
stateliness's~stateliness de
core's~core's
coherency~cohésion
robins~rouges-gorges
puck~palet
ii~ii
Rukeyser~Rukeyser
lunkhead's~de armoire à glace
cablecast's~cablecast de
bugling~brame
sledgehammers~massette
alpha~alpha
rearrested~nouveau arrêté
mute's~du muet
equalisation~equalisation
cables~câbles
overly~trop
repossess~reprendre possession de
wheedle~cajoler
futurities~futurities
pepped~ragaillardé
flannel's~flannel's
freshness~freshness
mailbox~boites aux lettres
promenade~promenade
Ascella's~de Ascella
marriageable~nubile
tempera~détrempe
Atlantic~atlantique
Rosario's~Rosario de
covetousness~covetousness
rejoicings~réjouissances
rewed~rewed
torchbearer~relayeuse
overexercise~overexercise
voucher~bon
actionable~actionnable
bleary~chassieux
oils~huiles
paving~pavage
convene~convene
Aztlan's~Aztlan de
domino~domino
pant's~un pantalon
hypersensitivity~hypersensibilité
columned~colonnade
saneness's~saneness de
postmeridian~postmeridian
lynxes~lynxes
bribes~des pots de vin
tomahawk's~Tomahawk de
discussion~discussion
contumelious~contumelious
sorting~tri
hulking~lourdaud
primps~primps
pea's~pois
retell~raconter à nouveau
hose's~des tuyaux de
davenports~davenports
mobster~membre du milieu
topics~les sujets
industry's~l'industrie de
stargazer's~Stargazer de
cauterised~cautérisée
bulimarexia's~Années bulimarexia
whetstone~pierre à aiguiser
Charlotte's~Charlotte
gastropod's~gastropod's
arsehole's~de arsehole
chinked~colmatés
catting~Taillage
yawl's~de yole
bandiest~bandiest
overlaid~superposé
Kenyan's~Kenya de
snowploughs~Chasse-neige
fruiting~fruiting
assumption~supposition
Foley's~Foley
trance's~trance de
Candace's~Candace de
begonias~bégonias
invigilation~SURVEILLANCE
gimbals~gimbals
trimmest~habile dans
anteing~anteing
Dunant~dunant
artifice's~artifice de
Michelle's~Michelle
timestamp's~horodatage de
Pentecost's~Pentecôte de
forgot~forgot
extremeness~extremeness
sachems~sachems
crush~crush
crushes~crushes
dicotyledon~dicotyledon
gibbet~gibbet
Malabo~Malabo
Gorbachev's~Gorbatchev
victim's~victime de
subprofessional~subprofessional
seafarers~les gens de mer
packing~emballage
common~commun
bunched~groupés
Namibian's~namibien de
Ernesto's~Ernesto de
superannuate~mettre à la retraite
septet's~de septet
moper~Moper
Cenozoic~Cénozoïque
Patricia's~Patricia de
hardtop~hardtop
quizzed~questionné
indecently~indécente
WYSIWYG~WYSIWYG
Barth~Barth
looked~regardé
Manley's~Manley
noddy~d'une simplicité enfantine
cicatrices~cicatrices
opus~opus
undertaker's~pompes funèbres
droplets~droplets
readdressing~réadressage
career's~carrières
fathomed~fathomed
Jermaine~Jermaine
litigation~litige
bathrobes~peignoirs
spadices~spadices
pawl's~cliquet de
shrine's~sanctuaire de
drumsticks~drumsticks
Saiph~Saiph
traverse's~traverse de
musketry's~de mousqueterie
gonna~gonna
entity~entity
abscission's~abscission de
downshifts~downshifts
peep~piaulement
typeset~composer
layers~couches
crisply~crisply
tomboyish~tomboyish
marionettes~marionettes
compositors~typographes
spellcheck~spellcheck
dawdling~dawdling
pauperism's~de paupérisme
disillusioned~disillusioned
amnesia~amnésie
airing's~de diffusion
skiff~skiff
Morrison's~Morrison
transference's~transfert de
magnetism~magnétisme
Joe~Joe
chastisements~châtimens
mandate's~Le mandat
substantiating~justificatifs
splashiness~splashiness
sloes~prunelles
Bengal~Bengale
Mussolini's~Mussolini
oversubscribes~oversubscribes
jots~jots
moodily~de mauvaise humeur
Perl's~Perl
egalitarianism~egalitarianism
angularity's~de angularité
prepayments~paiements anticipés
likenesses~ressemblants
suaveness~suavité
electronica's~electronica's
parallelism's~parallélisme de
belling~brame
bathyspheres~bathyspheres
lodge~loge
Bacall~Bacall
pudgy~rondelet
niggers~niggers
colonel's~colonel de
begums~begums
mayors~maires
pollinator~pollinisateur
outfitted~équipé
drunken~drunken
soapsuds~eau savonneuse
banality~banalité
minuteman~Minuteman
omnivorous~omnivore
histology~histologie
wombles~wombles
bluntest~plus brutale
football's~football's
Margaret's~Margaret
horehound~marrube
cachepot's~cachepot de
Maritza's~Maritza de
snifter's~snifter de
cornrow's~cornrow's
adeptness's~de adeptness
slumlord's~slumlord de
disbars~disbars
Lorentz's~Lorentz
euphony~euphony
disconsolate~disconsolate
Audubon's~Audubon
Michigander's~Michigander de
tumble~chute
sprayers~pulvérisateurs
duke~duke
straightaway's~tout de suite de
lards~saindoux
Maytag~Maytag
boat's~bateaux
discoed~discoed
bawdiness's~de paillardise
reappearance's~réapparition de
Flanders's~Années Flandre
wasteland's~terrain vague de
prediction's~La prédiction de
pettier~Pettier
smote~frappèrent
plush's~peluche de
transgressor's~de transgresseur
adenocarcinoma~adénocarcinome
smites~Châtiments
jasmine's~jasmine
grandest~grandest
overflowing~débordé
carry's~carry
caterwaul~miaulement
sudsier~sudsier
poked~fourré
ranter's~de ranter
caffeinated~contenant de la caféine
interceding~intercédant
pettifoggery's~avocasserie de
Frankenstein's~Frankenstein
espousal's~espousal's
eyeliner~eyeliner
blandished~blandished
bracken's~Bracken de
mnemonics~mnémotechnique
fulfils~fulfils
princess~Princesse
reprobate~réprouver
salutations~saluts
Gayle~Gayle
Breckenridge~Breckenridge
Crowley's~Crowley
hopeful's~est plein d'espoir
Gonzalez~Gonzalez
unchristian~peu chrétien
bargemen~mariniers
satisfaction's~satisfaction de
sapling's~de gaules
Delbert's~Delbert de
omission's~omission de
cheeky~effronté
trebling~triplant
defrocking~defrocking
Almighty's~Tout-Puissant de
chemicals~produits chimiques
Cajun~acadien
dances~dances
Bloomsbury~Bloomsbury
jostles~bouscule
tossing~tossing
ultraconservative's~ultraconservatrice de
Ramada~Ramada
rag~chiffon
Grecian~grecque
inconsistency's~incohérence de
rosebud~Rosebud
Wanamaker~Wanamaker
roisters~roisters
jiggered~jiggered
groundwater~groundwater
averaging~en moyenne
partitive's~partitif de
FUD~FUD
prosy~ennuyeux
rhesus~rhésus
version's~La version de
Beethoven~Beethoven
gateau~gateau
moans~gémissements
faun's~faun's
purling~Purling
Schiaparelli~Schiaparelli
Daugherty~Daugherty
mantra's~années mantra
hems~ourlets
Kenmore's~Kenmore de
Pollyanna~Béat
jaundices~ictères
herd~troupeau
dietary's~dietary's
costar's~costar's
phonetics~phonétique
squeezed~comprimé
waterbeds~matelas à eau
scintilla's~Scintilla de
ashlar's~moellons de
classmates~camarades de classe
yawners~yawners
craggiest~craggiest
saccharin's~saccharine de
monetarist~monétariste
mentalist~mentalist
unrealistically~déraisonnablement
continuances~continuances
headpiece's~de couvre-chef
Silva's~Silva de
facsimile~facsimile
fascination~fascination
Zhukov~Zhukov
untanned~untanned
raceway's~chemin de roulement de
runnel~runnel
click's~cliquez sur ce
estates~estates
swastikas~croix gammées
Kafka's~Kafka
grater's~grater's
foundations~foundations
dishabille's~dishabille's
dynamic~dynamic
wirehairs~Wirehairs
Ruiz's~Ruiz de
almshouses~béguinages
gnarling~gnarling
LSD~LSD
Luciano's~Luciano
vilify~diffamer
brilliantine~brillantine
scrounge~emprunter
sobbingly~sanglotant
halibuts~halibuts
dieseled~dieseled
sandbaggers~sandbaggers
librarians~bibliothécaires
disappeared~disappeared
compromise's~de compromis
Nexis's~Années Nexis
hotbeds~foyers
gleanings's~gleanings's
instructing~instruction
conveniently~conveniently
alveolar~alvéolaire
cinnabar~cinabre
mugginess's~de moiteur
dentifrice~dentifrice
specifying~en précisant
raucousness~raucité
NE's~NE de
wusses~wusses
pair's~paires
umbel~umbel
Pauline~Pauline
fatality~fatality
seamier~seamier
adequateness~adéquation
nonscientific~non scientifique
Vega~Vega
everlasting~everlasting
scorpion~Scorpion
observers~observateurs
seniority's~son ancienneté
parasympathetic~parasympathique
Mn's~de mn
steeled~cuirassé
meagerly~chichement
scavengers~charognards
marries~épouse
abstractedness's~abstractedness de
rewedded~rewedded
raining~il pleut
ecliptic~ecliptic
sweetbrier~sweetbrier
Mazzini~Mazzini
Freon~fréon
header~entête
spume~écume
kerbside~kerbside
roundish~arrondi
suburb~banlieue
rumbustious~exubérant
hajjes~hajjes
trivet's~de sous-plat
horrify~horrifier
brightest~brillants
leathernecks~Leathernecks
propagating~propageant
resilience's~résilience de
grandly~grandly
cum~cum
whirlwind~tourbillon
apricot~abricot
visaing~visaing
sightseeing~tourisme
cliffhanger~suspense
longingly~dévorent
overstepped~outrepassé
nickel's~nickel de
effluence~effluence
approached~approché
necks~cou
kiddies~kiddies
Moussorgsky's~Moussorgsky de
anthers~anthères
racers~coureurs
passerby~passant
mineralogists~minéralogistes
suety~suety
stinker's~carabinée de
khans~khans
ibis~ibis
grappled~grappled
wold~Wold
proofs~preuves
droopiest~droopiest
homestretches~homestretches
imbalance's~déséquilibre de
inexorable~inexorable
rotate~tourner
substitutes~substituts
goldsmiths~goldsmiths
theologian~théologien
inamoratas~inamoratas
forewoman~forewoman
Websters~websters
eardrums~eardrums
Jimmie's~Jimmie
mumps's~de oreillons
disbelieves~disbelieves
ambience~ambiance
Aconcagua~Aconcagua
carjacker's~de carjacker
fang's~fang's
arbitrariness's~l'arbitraire de
rambles~randonnées
mechanism's~mécanisme de
berating~réprimander
sluice's~écluse de
stenches~puanteurs
plashing~clapotis
horsemanship~talent de cavalier
conviction~conviction
cookouts~cookouts
consumerism's~consumerism's
infarction~infarctus
sins~péchés capitaux
shocker's~de Shocker
equipment~equipment
dramatic~dramatic
pukes~pukes
plausibly~de manière plausible
destructiveness's~destructiveness's
wrangles~altercations
chrysalis~chrysalide
vegged~vegged
enviably~enviably
Andaman's~Andaman de
twinned~jumelée
kedgeree~kedgeree
lipreading's~de la lecture labiale
Mara~Mara
introverts~introvertis
dueller's~dueller's
linebacker's~de secondeur
playbooks~Playbooks
synthesises~synthèses
taxer~taxateur
plating~placage
yoke's~joug de
agglutinates~agglutine
Antietam~Antietam
hipbone's~OS de la hanche
girts~girts
reinfection's~de réinfection
infatuating~infatuating
usurer's~usurier de
freebase~freebase
reafforestation~reboisements
startle~surprendre
fistfights~fistfights
mournfully~lugubrement
chainsawing~scies à chaîne
advancements~progrès
undercharge's~undercharge de
towel's~les serviettes
townie~townie
Mexican's~Mexicains
hotbox's~hotbox de
fosters~fosters
spiteful~malveillant
pedantry's~de pédanterie
RAMs~RAMs
varietal's~variété de
boating's~de la navigation de plaisance
spiffiest~spiffiest
premiere~première
Jolson~Jolson
Gloucester~Gloucester
blatant~flagrant
prevaricating~prévaricateur
testicular~testicules
churner~baratte
jawboning~jawboning
prefabbed~prefabbed
penknife's~canif de
Scaramouch~Scaramouche
loathsomely~loathsomely
Greenland's~Groenland de
sheathe~gainer
winnower~vanneur
Kenton's~Kenton de
maintops~maintops
Alistair~Alistair
Owen~Owen
lupine~lupin
arising~découlant
SVN~SVN
heaver~lourdeur
testate~testate
Highlander~Highlander
apportionment~répartition
sleepily~ensommeillée
extirpation~extirpation
octavos~octavos
dysphagia~dysphagia
vendors~vendeurs
EKG~EKG
jazzy~jazzy
intransitive's~de intransitif
reciprocating~alternatif
Klingon~Klingon
wolverines~carcajous
immobilise~immobiliser
syllabicated~syllabicated
scalloping~feston
harpsichord's~clavecin de
motivator~facteur de motivation
condensing~condensation
protracting~rétractiles
analysands~analysants
verisimilitude~vraisemblance
Domesday~Domesday
advertised~annoncé
epochs~epochs
ambitions~ambitions
thief~voleur
Vallejo~Vallejo
document~document
citified~urbanisé
chilliness's~chilliness de
flyswatter's~flyswatter's
quantifies~quantifie
dieseling~dieseling
bacchanalia~bacchanales
shriek's~cri perçant de
valediction's~de valediction
messenger's~messager
Victor~Victor
Cheops's~Années Cheops
reapportionment~reapportionment
disappearance~disappearance
Xe's~de xe
gossipy~gossipy
saran's~saran de
incitement~incitation
disarraying~disarraying
impersonator's~imitateur de
succubi~succubes
legrooms~legrooms
circumstance~circonstance
runlets~runlets
artisans~artisans
militancy's~militance de
pismires~pismires
laboratory's~de laboratoire
Errol's~Errol de
migrations~migrations
cudgel's~cudgel's
grassiest~grassiest
hoariness~hoariness
reschedule~rééchelonner
barfly~barfly
Sears's~Années Sears
ironing~repassage
baht's~baht de
Fassbinder's~Fassbinder
bordello~maison de prostitution
DDS~DDS
tarpon's~Tarpon de
federalisation's~federalisation's
slash~sabrer
beastliest~beastliest
overstating~exagérant
captain~capitaine
Hallie's~Hallie de
CB~CB
sandlot~sandlot
sawhorse~chevalets
tailgate's~hayon de
furthers~furthers
orris's~Années orris
enfeeblement's~enfeeblement's
permeate~pénétrer
logistics~logistique
pilgrimage's~pèlerinage de
horseradish~Raifort
prettier~plus jolie
lean's~lean
finny~finny
unladen~vide
cupfuls~cupfuls
reinvigorates~revigore
nefariousness's~de nefariousness
formats~formats
spoon's~cuillère de
transience's~de fugacité
chute's~chute de
graveness's~graveness's
promptness's~de la rapidité
dogsled~dogsled
Clemons~Clemons
Tipperary~Tipperary
dame's~dame's
physicality~physicalité
Mendel~Mendel
moistener~mouilleur
agglutination's~agglutination de
pragmatic~pragmatique
elver's~elver's
nonprofessional~non professionnel
joyrides~joyrides
fixates~fixates
hypocrites~hypocrites
sheering~sheering
carryalls~fourre-tout
Kalamazoo~Kalamazoo
sneering~ricanant
needle's~de l'aiguille
cubism~cubism
venerate~vénérer
metropolis~métropole
embryos~embryos
censuses~recensements
faggot~faggot
describable~describable
thallium's~de thallium
purple's~pourpre de
scull~godille
dismemberment~dismemberment
whooped~whooped
Victoria~Victoria
peppering~poivrer
popcorn's~pop-corn de
alignment's~alignement de
Aggie's~Aggie de
triad~triade
Dena's~Dena de
unencumbered~non grevé
determinate~determinate
volunteering~faire du bénévolat
freephone~freephone
overhauls~révisions
Portuguese~Portugais
assayer's~de essayeur
twaddlers~twaddlers
straightaways~straightaways
reductase~réductase
caudally~caudale
envenom~envenom
pissers~Pissers
cumber~cumber
Barnaul~Barnaul
abhorrently~odieusement
superintendent~surveillant général
conformance's~conformité de
undifferentiated~indifférenciée
sloe's~prunelle de
Molina~Molina
demonises~demonises
particularisation's~particularisation de
muscatel~muscat
Hepburn's~Hepburn
earth's~earth's
steelyards~balances romaines
emigre's~emigre's
ruthlessly~sans pitié
bakeshops~bakeshops
skiff's~de skiff
counterclaiming~counterclaiming
matriculating~matriculating
hydrophone's~de hydrophone
Prussia~Prusse
sexologists~sexologues
Malone~Malone
trolleybuses~trolleybus
anaesthetisation~insensibilisation
greatcoats~greatcoats
conservator~conservateur
saving's~des économies
nonconformity's~de non-conformité
Navajos~Navajos
disbelieved~disbelieved
melded~fondu
solipsistic~solipsiste
wherefore's~pourquoi ce
enquiries~enquiries
liquidise~mixez
jump~saut
where's~où est
Finn's~Finn
Demerol's~de Demerol
tamoxifen~tamoxifène
waxiest~waxiest
constitutional's~de la Constitution
unwarily~imprudemment
liniment's~de liniment
spelldown's~de spelldown
tidally~tidally
Valkyrie~Valkyrie
somersaulting~culbute
interfered~interféré
orchards~vergers
rightfulness's~Années Régularité
widow's~veuve
palaeontology~paléontologie
nucleation~nucléation
midrib's~Années nervure médiane
overindulgent~indulgentes
Pegasus's~Pegasus de
comfit~bonbon
Yunnan~Yunnan
disentangling~disentangling
paprika's~paprika de
sanctifies~sanctifie
spores~spores
sensitivity's~la sensibilité de
straightedge's~bords droits
Ramanujan's~Ramanujan
travellings~travellings
quadruped's~quadrupèdes
grandiosely~grandiosely
trail~Piste
trims~garnitures
humble~humble
generalship's~generalship's
quantifying~quantifiant
compressed~comprimé
bean~haricot
refilling~remplissage
Middleton's~Middleton
machete's~de machette
editions~editions
Basra~Bassorah
kipped~kipped
inculcates~inculque
carburettor's~carburateur de
demonstrate~demonstrate
shoaling~shoaling
vegetable~légume
sturdiest~costaud
grantee~grantee
lacework's~Années dentelles
mishmashes~mishmashes
longs~désire ardemment
broodiest~broodiest
graciousness~graciousness
Meccas~meccas
pharyngeal~pharyngée
recent~récent
consulted~consulted
liberating~émancipation
waffler's~waffler de
shaky~précaire
gaff~gaff
Antonio's~Antonio de
endangerment's~endangerment's
employing~employing
SOs~objectifs stratégiques
primarily~principalement
dishonest~dishonest
endocarditis~endocarditis
ammonia's~de l'ammoniac
Erickson's~Erickson
reciprocal~réciproque
prepossessed~prévenu
wastefully~gaspillée
violin's~pour violon
boldly~hardiment
cabby~chauffeur
tattled~tattled
scribe~scribe
laughingly~en riant
mortgages~hypothèques
trackball~boule de commande
poison~poison
handgun's~handgun's
Eugenio~Eugenio
espousal~espousal
marathons~marathons
appeasements~apaisements
plunked~plantaient
tracing~tracé
Dictaphone~Dictaphone
even~even
newsrooms~salles de rédaction
scraper~grattoir
yodellers~yodleurs
croupier's~croupier's
gaucherie~gaucherie
footprints~footprints
untried~non éprouvée
aficionado's~Années aficionado
Strabo~Strabon
impeachment's~impeachment de
lilac's~lilas de
omelette's~omelette de
settings~paramètres
hypothesised~hypothétique
drawstrings~drawstrings
bloater~hareng saur
sociopaths~sociopathes
blanches~Blanches
heroin~héroïne
sunniest~la plus ensoleillée
sensualist~sensualiste
remitting~rémissions
pea~pois
roots~les racines
Hun~Hun
scattering's~de diffusion
nondepreciating~nondepreciating
structuralism~structuralisme
Carthaginian~carthaginois
hayride's~de hayride
wall's~des murs
wildcatting~wildcatting
spreader's~épandeur de
modernises~modernise
declamations~declamations
satanist's~sataniste de
tents~tentes
guillotines~guillotines
autistic~autistique
Walmart's~Walmart de
Angus~Angus
heavier~plus lourd
slamming~claquant
musters~Musters
electrocuting~electrocuting
negativity's~négativité
opening's~ouverture de
score~But
taker's~preneur de
ditsy~ditsy
liniment~liniment
nagging~harcelant
SCSI~SCSI
divergent~divergent
typology's~de typologie
purveyance~approvisionnement
BB's~BB
Ellison~Ellison
uncommitted~non engagé
alewife's~gaspareau de
Almaty~Almaty
epitomises~epitomises
Pyrexes~Pyrexes
tumbling~tumbling
consonants~les consonnes
refereed~comité de lecture
pip~pépin
LCD~LCD
Albion's~Albion de
Reyes's~années Reyes
Achernar's~achernar de
ovoid~forme ovoïde
nonvocational~nonvocational
rivalling~rivalisant
relighted~rallumé
toothpastes~dentifrices
poets~poètes
sector~secteur
cannabises~cannabises
Duncan's~Duncan
penchant~penchant
rocket~fusée
assent's~la sanction de
modernity's~de la modernité
Stockhausen's~Stockhausen
caret's~caret de
marbling's~persillage de
eolian~eolian
memos~notes de service
smithy~forge
ductless~ductless
Summer~Été
persona's~persona de
imagination~imagination
microsecond's~Années microsecondes
jackboot~autoritaire
ambulations~déambulations
surpasses~dépasse
saline's~de solution saline
clothespins~pinces à linge
groupie's~groupie's
pincushion's~pincushion de
whiner~pleurnicheur
unjustifiable~injustifiable
makeover's~relooking de
Kirov's~Kirov de
Schnauzer's~schnauzer de
oscilloscope~oscilloscope
accompanies~accompagne
really~vraiment
exponent's~exponent's
sibyl~sibylle
suburbanite~suburbain
snoozed~Reporté
scratchiness~enrouement
Tammuz~Tammuz
complaisance's~de complaisances
underline~souligner
payback's~retour sur investissement de
penitentiary~pénitencier
civil~civil
greasiness~greasiness
litotes~litote
recap's~Récapitulons de
coughing~coughing
investigation~enquête
geriatrics's~geriatrics's
Sistine's~Sistine
overstatement's~de surévaluation
handsome~handsome
McLean~McLean
filigree~filigree
guppies~guppies
Tanganyika's~Tanganyika de
mortgaged~hypothécaire
Zyrtec's~de Zyrtec
attack's~attaque de
dram~dram
giddiness's~giddiness's
languidness~langueur
Wolff~Wolff
Rockies~Rockies
Hans~Hans
outstretch~outstretch
snuffbox~tabatière
dissipates~dissipates
unbosom~confesser
motley's~hétéroclite de
glossary's~glossary's
osprey's~balbuzard de
josh's~josh de
doggier~doggier
mozzarella's~mozzarella de
unannounced~non annoncée
farmhouses~farmhouses
grabber~grabber
topmast~mât de hune
Democratic~Démocratique
baby's~bébé
otherworldly~d'un autre monde
whistles~sifflets
Bojangles~Bojangles
supplants~supplante
absoluteness~absoluité
proof's~preuves
confrontation's~confrontation de
handicraft~handicraft
understudying~understudying
ecotourist's~ecotourist's
whingeing~plaintif
colludes~collusoire
emphatically~emphatically
backfield~champ arrière
Colorado's~Colorado de
BC~avant JC
sighting's~observation de
Wesson's~Wesson de
silhouettes~silhouettes
copiously~copiously
directing~directing
stratosphere's~stratosphère de
opacity's~l'opacité de
rattling~bruyant
baronetcy's~de baronnet
Maldive~maldive
murmur~murmure
Henley~Henley
detected~detected
fatalism's~fatalism's
intent~intention
reads~lit
parkway~route express
Bovary~bovary
bread's~pain de
greet~greet
Maldonado~Maldonado
bonus's~bONIFICATION
alright~bien
ghoul~ghoul
Vientiane's~Vientiane de
stereophonic~stéréophonique
somewhere~quelque part
invigilate~être de surveillance à un examen
bookstall~kiosque
galaxy's~galaxy's
nay's~nay
practicability's~praticabilité de
quits~quitte
maliciousness's~de maliciousness
fecundating~fecundating
afflicts~afflige
seeings~seeings
baste~arroser
graphing~graphing
Spenserian~Spenserian
apically~apicale
assistants~assistants
Carrie's~Carrie
yeps~YEP
grizzled~grizzled
honourably~honorablement
bonobos~bonobos
enamels~enamels
Aaliyah's~Aaliyah de
microphone's~microphone de
defaulting~defaulting
Romanticism~le romantisme
stent's~stent de
bilking~escroquant
Adelaide's~Adélaïde
duellings~duellings
Berlitz's~Berlitz de
depressurises~depressurises
unsporting~antisportif
reliable~fiable
battier~battier
peppiness~peppiness
dioxin's~dioxin's
baronesses~baronnes
Lucinda's~LUCINDA
disgustedly~disgustedly
anthracite~anthracite
cortices~cortices
Mayer~Mayer
fortifying~fortifying
deuces~deuces
legitimates~légitimant
featherweights~featherweights
feebleness's~feebleness's
shrugged~haussa les épaules
turnover's~le chiffre d'affaires de
cowherd~cowherd
penis's~pénis de
Aron's~Aron de
Minot~Minot
regulars~habitués
twelfths~douzièmes
viceroys~viceroys
laboriously~laborieusement
Duvalier's~Duvalier
waft~bouffée
resistor's~résistance de
postmen~postmen
canister's~boîte de
copilots~copilots
gathering~gathering
furthered~furthered
spillages~déversements accidentels
Eugenia~Eugenia
shortcoming~défaut
marathon's~marathon de
rowboat's~rowboat de
spy~espion
isometrics~isométriques
digger's~digger's
Mobil's~Mobil de
bestrewed~bestrewed
Lhasas~Lhasas
eyelashes~eyelashes
overvalues~survaleurs
puffing~halètement
strictest~stricte
Jeeves's~de Jeeves
pillbox~casemate
manicurist's~de manicure
outback~cambrousse
recyclable~recyclable
Darvon~Darvon
torture~torture
incomers~incomers
hideout~cachette
smelliness~smelliness
jumbos~jumbos
brims~pourtours
sensualists~jouisseurs
tug~remorqueur
damper's~damper's
roaming's~de l'itinérance
unfertilised~unfertilised
conflict's~conflits
salesperson's~vendeuse de
velodromes~vélodromes
urging~exhortant
jut's~de saillir
addendum~Addenda
Rousseau's~Rousseau
inseams~entrejambes
nickels~nickels
grizzly's~grizzly's
flareup's~flareup's
reform~réforme
legates~légats
thatcher~thatcher
Frau's~Frau de
flesh's~flesh's
palpitation~palpitation
remnant's~vestiges
lambda~lambda
coco's~Coco
highlander~highlander
emporiums~emporiums
oversight~surveillance
bouzoukis~bouzouki
civilian~civil
concision's~de concision
plating's~de placage
commences~commence
deplore~deplore
intersex~intersexe
cash's~de l'argent
toreadors~toréadors
sycamore's~sycomore de
safety~sécurité
traded~négociés
buttonwood's~buttonwood de
larcenist's~de larcenist
barker's~bonimenteur de
trisect~diviser en trois parties égales
tokenism~tokenism
watchbands~watchbands
tenon's~mortaise de
scrotal~scrotale
consolidators~groupeurs
vagina's~vagin
humorists~humoristes
Praxiteles~Praxitèle
labium~labium
theirs~les leurs
kingly~royal
Gnostic's~gnostique de
clapboard~bardeau
latte~latté
reminiscent~rappelant
Vishnu~Vishnu
hitchhikers~hitchhikers
zest's~le zeste de
Ringo~Ringo
Cruz's~Cruz de
conjurer's~de prestidigitateur
voiced~voisé
aggressor's~agresseur de
evidenced~evidenced
whore~putain
predicament~situation difficile
lymphocytes~lymphocytes
lymphoma's~lymphome
Phaedra's~Phaedra de
flamboyancy~flamboyancy
tortures~tortures
mace's~macis de
turbo~turbo
blini~blinis
towheaded~aux cheveux filasse
undermost~undermost
EULA~CLUF
Charlene~Charlene
reshuffling~remaniements
hurdling~course de haies
respired~respirés
speakings~Speakings
operatic~d'opéra
impossibly~impossiblement
rudiment's~rudiments
decontrolled~decontrolled
walking~en marchant
debases~debases
recreations~récréations
clenching~serrement
pastureland~pâtures
kebab's~kebab de
Millay's~Millay de
americium's~de l'américium
guessable~guessable
Astarte's~Astarté de
nondiscrimination~non-discrimination
prefaces~préfaces
Glen's~Glen de
dabbers~dabbers
cuckoo's~cuckoo's
horde's~horde de
embezzle~embezzle
jellyfishes~jellyfishes
insurgencies~insurrections
Pomerania~Poméranie
unlearned~désappris
contravening~contravening
bowline~nœud de chaise
stool~tabouret
handmaid's~handmaid's
Cavendish's~Cavendish
mailshots~publipostages
ironstone's~de minerai de fer
halftime~halftime
friezes~friezes
toughly~âprement
Alex~Alex
bouquet's~bouquet de
tonnages~tonnages
migration~migration
elitist~elitist
Ephraim's~Ephraïm
compartmentalise~compartimenter
glossolalia's~glossolalia's
subserviently~servilement
peculator's~concussionnaire de
deodorants~deodorants
spiritualistic~spiritualiste
Timon~Timon
contrasting~contrasting
Sundanese's~de sundanais
Nazism's~nazisme de
pasture's~Tunney
exploitation~exploitation
sob~sanglot
oxidation's~oxydation de
dingily~dingily
electrolysis~electrolysis
nonredeemable~monnayables
sweaters~chandails
res~res
shakily~shakily
monkish~de moine
loft's~Loft de
hanged~hanged
watchfulness's~de la vigilance
solecism~solécisme
squatters~squatters
swallow's~avaler de
PDQ~PDQ
gainer~gainer
rummest~rummest
priggishness's~de priggishness
filterers~filterers
presbytery~presbytère
Tuvalu~Tuvalu
inculpates~inculpent
fraud~fraud
hacienda's~hacienda's
beck's~BECK'S
showdown~épreuve de force
liberal's~libérale
besought~supplia
Merthiolate's~merthiolate de
pumper's~de autopompe
tastiness~goût délicieux
undergraduate's~de premier cycle
immured~emmuré
eyesores~eyesores
Lodge's~Lodge de
Lanny~Lanny
leaseholds~améliorations locatives
ebbing~ebbing
Arkhangelsk's~Arkhangelsk de
renegotiating~renégociant
emphasise~emphasise
blouse's~blouse de
danseuse~danseuse
pram's~de landau
wainscot's~boiserie de
strength's~forces
maintop~hune
Tasha~Tasha
burred~bougée
mfrs~mfrs
indelicacy's~indélicatesse de
causalities~causalités
butterflied~crapaudine
nobleman~noble
nigga's~nigga
blare's~Années flonflons
droplet's~droplet's
transforms~se transforme
evilness's~evilness's
dinettes~dinettes
Toyoda~Toyoda
cosigner~cosigner
seaward's~vers la mer
advertisers~annonceurs
chorusing~chorus
recuperated~récupéré
Ethan's~Ethan
seventeenth~dix-septième
stilling~tranquillisation
glanced~glanced
Thar~Thar
snowfields~névés
pronuclear~pronucléaire
vulgarly~vulgairement
surging~déferlant
leucotomy~leucotomie
bluegrass~bluegrass
colourlessness~grisaille
scratchpad~scratchpad
makeovers~relooking
recruiters~recruteurs
shadowiest~shadowiest
gloated~gloated
prier's~de prier
repellent~repoussant
alehouse~alehouse
McGuffey's~McGuffey de
piffle's~Années Piffle
slaver~négrier
slyness~ruse
diddlysquat~diddlysquat
harmoniser~harmonisateur
revoke~révoquer
slags~scories
twins~jumeaux
electrolyte's~electrolyte's
choral~choral
roused~réveillé
herbivorous~herbivore
vividly~vivement
beauticians~esthéticiens
Lyle's~Lyle
watchfully~watchfully
faker's~faker's
dogwood~dogwood
nationalisation's~nationalisation de
shall~doit
swing's~oscillations
frontierswomen~frontierswomen
incursion~incursion
absurdist's~de absurdist
ungracious~désobligeant
incubators~incubateurs
eisteddfod~eisteddfod
handiness's~handiness's
volute~volute
model's~des modèles
Uzbek~ouzbek
fifteenths~fifteenths
miscalled~improprement
spam's~pourriel
teleconferenced~par téléconférence
diagram~diagram
Australian~australien
apertures~ouvertures
stoutly~bravement
Valium~Valium
mantises~mantes
path~chemin
hermitage~ermitage
polyacrylamide~polyacrylamide
retrying~réessayant
foul~foul
talcum~talc
postwomen~postières
horology~horlogerie
abstainer~abstentionniste
pressings~pressings
canola's~canola de
defrosted~defrosted
tarnishes~ternit
Ronda's~Ronda de
retreading~rechapage
hassled~hassled
inf~inf
crammer~crammer
asleep~endormi
gruel~gruel
china's~Chine
compartment's~compartiment de
birching~fustigation
Nepali~népalais
ablutions~ablution
rescinds~aNNULE
disruptive~disruptive
Saginaw's~saginaw de
airfare's~les vols de
tropically~tropically
splotch's~Années splotch
vivarium~vivarium
dishtowels~dishtowels
see's~voir de
Tyson~Tyson
priest's~prêtres
Vega's~Vega de
recopies~recopies
disloyal~disloyal
chronicle's~Chronique de
relives~revit
goofs~goofs
lawbreaking's~de violer la loi
floggers~floggers
Copacabana's~Copacabana de
bathrooms~salles de bains
diapason~diapason
estuary~estuary
immovable~immeuble
throes~affres
calmness's~le calme de
firstborn~firstborn
colourlessly~colourlessly
lavished~prodigué
bankrolling~bankrolling
telemarketer's~télévendeur
envision~envision
Cox~Barreur
orangery~orangerie
chuckling~glousser
Tamera~Tamera
Vermeer~Vermeer
Harriett's~Harriett de
bawdy~paillard
posterior~postérieur
outpouring~épanchement
yups~yups
annexing~annexant
carryall~fourre-tout
phenomenally~phénoménalement
tendrils~vrilles
Cerf's~Cerf de
carpeting's~tapis de
manipulations~manipulations
maria~maria
gunsmith~gunsmith
sundering~Déchirure
sacks~sacs
cardinal's~Le cardinal de
shirtsleeves~manches de chemise
uncouth~grossier
DOS's~DOS de
vagaries~caprices
disputant's~disputant's
bantering~badin
remeasures~réévalue
hillock~butte
exceeds~exceeds
Lilian~Lilian
killer~tueur
Englishes~Englishes
lawbreaker~personne qui transgresse la loi
imaginings~imaginings
changeableness~mutabilité
butlers~majordomes
rehearses~répète
ambiguous~ambigu
ruffle's~Ruffle de
easiness's~easiness's
changing~en changeant
eminently~eminently
antler~ramure
ambuscade's~embûche de
readdressed~réexpédié
mortuary~mortuaire
bookmaking's~bookmaking de
electroplating~electroplating
levied~perçu
whereat~Whereat
peculators~concussionnaires
Rambo's~Rambo de
Falkland~malouines
renumber~numéroter
bassoonist~bassoniste
woos~courtise
organdie's~organdi de
arrows~flèches
gist's~gist's
fungoid~fungoid
logjams~embâcles
parboil~blanchir
appointee's~nommé de
Kamehameha~Kamehameha
casks~fûts
mewl~miauler
sanitation~assainissement
relist~relist
bandoleers~bandoulières
subteens~subteens
osteoporosis~l'ostéoporose
seismologic~sismologique
rewashes~rewashes
Gilda's~Gilda de
Zibo~Zibo
faded~faded
jazzed~jazzés
pompoms~pompons
weird~bizarre
reproduction's~reproduction de
accountant~comptable
mineralogist~minéralogiste
boon's~avantage de
nightwatchman~gardien de nuit
Geminis~Geminis
handcart's~handcart's
Congress~Congrès
schwa~schwa
globally~globally
taffeta's~années taffetas
catastrophe~catastrophe
folksier~folksier
postnasal~postnasal
Phaethon~Phaéton
flautist's~flautist's
printing's~l'impression de
Pizarro~Pizarro
MASH~PURÉE
sunning~prendre le soleil
muscleman~homme muscle
shoestrings~shoestrings
signers~signataires
lollipop's~sucettes
upgrading~la mise à niveau
wormholes~wormholes
hoariness's~hoariness de
dismounts~dismounts
pharisee~pharisien
remaining~restant
Wendy's~Wendy
blonde's~blond de
scabbiness's~de scabbiness
Zeke~Zeke
ironclad's~à toute épreuve de
drama's~drama's
ornithology~ornithologie
salaaming~salaaming
elasticity's~elasticity's
Sarto's~Sarto de
megawatt~mégawatt
cite~citer
soundbite~SONORE
dangerously~dangerously
colourblind~daltonien
established~established
firedamp~firedamp
outfox~outfox
Lourdes~Lourdes
putout~éteindre
pornography~pornographie
covenanting~covenanting
mestizo's~Années métissées
pantie's~culotte
magnetos~magnétos
Merrick's~Merrick de
Cezanne's~Cézanne
ironmongery~ironmongery
sidewall~paroi latérale
chive~ciboulette
teapot's~théière années
Pacheco~Pacheco
unavoidably~inéluctablement
mothballing~mise en sommeil
sufferer's~victime de
Newton~Newton
Beatriz~Beatriz
grunting~grunting
debenture~debenture
cheerfullest~cheerfullest
potentialities~potentialités
Brady's~Brady
airlifted~transporté par avion
attainability~réalisation
sentimentalist~sentimental
punker~punker
sailcloth's~années toile à voile
Sheppard~Sheppard
doming~doming
Clovis's~Clovis années
original~original
Debora's~Debora de
decouples~decouples
flouts~flouts
Tishri's~Tishri de
supping~soupant
thoroughest~thoroughest
scabbiness~scabbiness
disintegrated~disintegrated
steamrollered~rouleau compresseur
squeezes~squeezes
Marrakesh's~Marrakech de
yurts~yourtes
redelivers~remet de nouveau
footlockers~footlockers
syrupy~sirupeuse
headbanger~headbanger
Hindemith's~Hindemith
gimmicks~gimmicks
Nostradamus's~Nostradamus de
courtesan's~courtesan's
caliphs~califes
incrustation~incrustation
Ruchbah~Ruchbah
Croce's~Croce de
Uccello~Uccello
pester~harceler
flunked~flunked
actuates~actionnent
overdrive's~OVERDRIVE
unpredictable~imprévisible
dumdum~dumdum
rebuild~reconstruire
pallet~palette
vulgar~vulgaire
nipple's~mamelon années
arbutus~arbousier
dully~dully
leewards~Leewards
chaser~ciseleur
jangle~cliquetis
uncircumcised~incirconcis
Heinz's~Heinz de
forewords~forewords
aphorisms~aphorismes
hindquarter's~hindquarter de
judgmentally~judgmentally
tapering~dégressif
Genoas~Gênois
hypersensitive~hypersensible
Himalayas~Himalaya
behaviourist's~de comportementaliste
niftiest~niftiest
macrocosm~macrocosme
teargases~des gaz lacrymogènes
supercharger~compresseur
queue~queue
castigator's~castigator de
denigrating~denigrating
Lee's~Lie
inform~informer
downtown~downtown
callers~appelants
sunglasses's~lunettes de soleil
neuter~neutre
bikinis~bikinis
dyspepsia~dyspepsia
intoxicant~toxique
technologically~technologiquement
principals~directeurs
Colombians~Colombiens
Grant's~Grant
Illinoisans~Illinoisans
resurrection~résurrection
synchronous~synchrone
aggregate's~agrégeons
coy~coy
Paramaribo's~Paramaribo de
hunchback~bossu
bawdiest~bawdiest
walkways~allées
Kong's~KONG
trachea's~trachée de
minuses~points négatifs
cosmologies~cosmologies
improvisations~improvisations
ascends~monte
acrobatics~acrobaties
tsunamis~tsunamis
rams~béliers
Dutch's~néerlandais de
gateaux~gateaux
transitioned~la transition
pemmican's~Années pemmican
Abilene's~Abilene de
protectionist~protectionniste
rekindled~ravivé
Hera's~Héra
artificiality's~de artificialité
asterisk~astérisque
Zuni's~Zuni de
choked~étranglée
untimeliness~inopportunité
subfamily's~de sous-famille
Knievel~Knievel
rind~couenne
corruptible~corruptible
gentler~gentler
literacy~l'alphabétisation
Volkswagen~Volkswagen
Carthage~Carthage
handled~handled
parthenogenesis~parthénogenèse
desegregation's~desegregation's
McDaniel~McDaniel
VCR~magnétoscope
siting~implantation
psychotropic~psychotrope
refurbishment's~la remise à neuf de
Gambian~gambien
glycerine~glycerine
pigeons~pigeons
sleaziness~sleaziness
spuming~spuming
sharecropped~métayage
driver~driver
pregnancy~grossesse
timekeeping~chronométrage
Muhammadanism~mahométisme
reexamining~réexaminant
adventitious~adventice
demobbing~demobbing
babble~babiller
Roger's~Roger
Augean's~Augias de
picador~picador
diode~diode
impropriety~inconvenance
discriminant~discriminant
restarting~redémarrage
postmortems~autopsies
fetish~fetish
deployments~deployments
hobbyhorses~dadas
polonaise~polonaise
Tussaud~Tussaud
aggravations~aggravations
sickbed's~sickbed de
adsorbent's~adsorbant de
selfsame~même
runaway~fuyez
parchments~parchemins
dates~dates
crawl~crawl
optimise~optimiser
Diophantine~Diophantine
stealthier~stealthier
rickets's~de rachitisme
newsweekly~hebdomadaire d'actualités
stolidness~stolidness
Clint~Clint
plainsman~habitant de la plaine
angiosperm~angiospermes
weeper~pleureur
mustiest~mustiest
alimentary~alimentaire
rendering's~le rendu de
disqualifying~disqualifying
lovebirds~amoureux
tubing's~tube de
gameness~gameness
shortcake's~shortcake de
captivated~captivé
Yang's~Yang
report~rapport
starrier~Starrier
succeeding~réussir
briskly~vivement
fresco~fresco
connotes~connote
remonstrant's~Remonstrant de
pillowslips~taies d'oreiller
wiping~essuyage
schedule's~des horaires
Enid~Enid
continuations~continuations
individuation's~de individuation
Bismark's~Bismark de
continent's~continent's
viper~vipère
germicide~germicide
airtime~temps d'antenne
Lieberman~Lieberman
Oedipal~œdipienne
greenback~greenback
IBM~IBM
Cornelius~Cornelius
declension's~declension's
touchiness's~de touchiness
florist~florist
splashes~éclaboussures
individualisation's~individualiser de
bastardy's~de bâtardise
blinkering~occultant la
bargained~marchandé
DC's~DC de
ND~Dakota du Nord
bifurcate~bifurqué
then's~est alors
corncobs~corncobs
sketch~esquisser
potful~potée
fruitier~fruitier
opaqueness~opacité
Russo~Russo
antiquity~antiquité
rhinestone~faux diamant
sharking~usuraire
Gorbachev~Gorbatchev
fife~fife
gradates~gradates
designation's~designation's
bestirring~agitaient
nobbles~nobbles
beaches~des plages
platforming~platforming
tableware~vaisselle
sailfish~pélerin
rumination's~de rumination
alimented~alimented
aristocracy~aristocratie
catering~restauration
squelchy~squelchy
Kirov~Kirov
walkers~marcheurs
assertiveness~affirmation de soi
bell~cloche
glockenspiel~glockenspiel
Olin~Olin
loused~loused
axon's~axone de
contemplating~contemplating
diastase's~diastase's
thirteens~Thirteens
aardvark's~Aardvark de
chigger's~chique de
etudes~etudes
soulmate's~âmes soeurs
humiliation's~l'humiliation de
placement~placement
Appalachia~Région des Appalaches
porterhouse's~aloyau de
upturns~retournements
Cantor's~Cantor
intensifies~intensifie
fastening~fastening
patrolled~patrouillaient
breeding~reproduction
masquerader's~de masquerader
intelligibility~intelligibilité
Genesis's~Genèse de
pins~broches
revisionism~révisionnisme
appropriated~approprié
categorised~classés
Aleuts~Aleuts
indestructibly~indestructiblement
jibbed~jibbed
Septuagints~Septuagints
texture~texture
racialist~raciste
tonnage~tonnage
no~non
bookmarked~bookmarked
conglomerates~conglomérats
subj~OBJ
caroming~caroming
penultimate~pénultième
wreath's~couronne de
netters~fileyeurs
one~un
touchy~suceptible
Beach~Plage
Tucuman~Tucuman
quay's~quai de
Marlin~Marlin
furs~furs
jenny~jenny
preeminence's~de prééminence
warble~gazouillis
polluting~pollué
forwardness's~forwardness's
deceive~deceive
videotape's~bande vidéo de
rousted~rousted
Muscovite's~muscovite de
piffling~futile
taunt's~de narguer
Sirs~Messieurs
petrol's~l'essence de
attic~grenier
numbskulls~nigauds
Eli~Eli
moon's~lune de
costly~costly
Britannic~britannique
retaining~retenue
marauder's~MARAUDEUR
foremen~foremen
modernisation~modernisation
indulge~gâter
canopied~canopied
Kowloon's~Kowloon de
treatise~traité
resupplies~réapprovisionnements
refuse~refuser
videodiscs~vidéodisques
inspirits~inspirits
abstemious~sobre
remonstrants~remontrants
misdo~misdo
attested~attesté
brontosaur~brontosaure
munchkins~Munchkins
depots~depots
meritocracy's~méritocratie de
lammed~Lâmed
tellers~caissiers
creationisms~creationisms
horsemen~cavaliers
crummier~crummier
Kremlin's~KREMLIN
election~election
gallivanted~gallivanted
drafted~drafted
shirtless~torse nu
Diaghilev~Diaghilev
coruscated~coruscated
Richards~Richards
munching~grignotant
obi~obi
loafed~somnoler
reface~réface
launched~lancé
degenerate~degenerate
ampule's~de ampule
kneecap~rotule
snowblower~souffleuse à neige
consider~considérer
pounces~pounces
axis's~axe de
onsets~onsets
paraded~paradé
expenses~expenses
Aeneas's~Années Aeneas
flyswatters~flyswatters
scorcher~journée torride
Scrabble's~Scrabble de
civvies's~Années pékins
brocade~brocart
prototype's~prototype de
minimally~mini
Mazzini's~Mazzini de
ppm~ppm
Venice's~de Venise
Drano's~Drano de
gimmes~gimmes
flightiest~flightiest
tanning's~bronzage de
operettas~opérettes
mimosa's~Des mimosas
flowchart's~flowchart's
goon's~goon's
Armagnac~Armagnac
interconnecting~interconnecter
pshaw's~pshaw de
carouses~carouses
wholesaled~wholesaled
gumball~gumball
Curie~Curie
Oakland~Oakland
Apennines's~Apennins de
interpenetrate~interpénétration
orange~Orange
genius's~genius's
noshing~noshing
interpersonal~interpersonnelle
warhead's~charge militaire de
Karenina~Karénine
braying~braiment
parakeets~perruches
ambles~Ambles
had~had
spruces~épicéas
pupae~pupes
clementines~clémentines
Blankenship~Blankenship
divestment~divestment
finish~finish
uncomplicated~simple
scorekeeper's~de chronométreur
Gerardo's~Gerardo de
introduce~présenter
carbine~carabine
giggler's~giggler's
presorts~presorts
conjoined~conjoint
Sterne's~Sterne
Elisa's~Elisa
gearbox~gearbox
neighing~hennissement
Indira's~Indira
tubers~tubercules
seventh's~septième
keels~carènes
leatherette~similicuir
rapprochement~rapprochement
trekker's~de Trekker
slacken~ralentir
Marsh~le marais
crown's~crown's
harts~harts
questioner~questionneur
welting~welting
backyards~arrière-cours
reprehended~reprehended
Rutgers's~Années Rutgers
Viking~Viking
hugged~étreint
Coulter~Coulter
climatology's~de climatologie
platelets~plaquettes
Trinidadians~Trinidadiens
airbrush~aérographe
seven~Sept
conses~conses
schizoid~schizoïde
metabolically~métaboliquement
propagation's~propagation de
frequencies~frequencies
anglicises~anglicises
hansom~hansom
suavity's~de suavité
artificiality~facticité
instrumentality's~instrumentalité de
forevermore~forevermore
redcurrant~groseille
unrolling~déroulage
Hillel's~Hillel de
desk~desk
register~registre
racketeering's~racket de
kindle~allumer
protect~protéger
extremities~extremities
ranger~ranger
briar's~Années églantier
Keats's~Keats de
overtly~ouvertement
lollops~lollops
peregrine~Peregrine
Queens's~Queens de
replicated~répliquées
scholarly~savant
fraternised~fraternised
Thompson~Thompson
djellaba's~djellaba's
bolivars~bolivars
recrossed~retraversé
removable~amovible
Wac~Wac
lamebrains~lamebrains
handheld's~handheld's
contact's~contact's
unsystematic~peu systématique
calamine~calamine
fajitas's~fajitas's
citizenry~citoyens
extortioner's~extortioner's
changers~changeurs
predesignated~predesignated
solves~permet de résoudre
hokum~hokum
lethargy's~de la léthargie
merited~mérités
concurrence's~concours de
licking~léchage
wheelie's~wheelie de
Vedanta~Vedanta
upstarted~upstarted
unperceptive~unperceptive
Mogadishu~Mogadiscio
Ayala~Ayala
judicatories~judicatories
roadster's~roadster de
Tuscan's~toscan
schmoozer~schmoozer
schematise~schématisent
normal~normal
Arminius's~Arminius de
suntanned~bronzées
elopement's~elopement's
U~U
yammerers~yammerers
incapability's~de l'incapacité
worriment's~worriment de
Delores's~Années Delores
coercer~coercer
protesting~protestant
excoriation's~excoriation's
censurable~blâmable
elucidates~elucidates
underwhelms~déçoit
redounding~redounding
sequinned~pailleté
slip's~de glissement
slurs~insinuations
divine's~divine's
libber's~libber de
snuffle~nasiller
Jenner's~Jenner
dodge~dodge
safeties~sécurités
restfully~restfully
crewing~crewing
anomalously~anomalement
manicures~manucures
Aussie's~Aussie
Russel's~Russel
Hathaway~Hathaway
directories~directories
uncluttered~bien rangé
pectic~pectique
discipline~discipline
premonitory~prémonitoire
Pankhurst~Pankhurst
coxed~coxed
farce's~farce's
beacon~balise
dictates~dictates
dendrite's~dendrite's
hearsay's~par ouï-dire de
overtaken~dépassé
striving~combattant
indefensible~indéfendable
fingerprint's~fingerprint's
vaporises~est vaporisé
Claudius~Claudius
Styrofoam's~styromousse de
soloed~mis en solo
treble~tripler
wrestler~lutteur
microbe's~microbe de
bootstrapping~bootstrapping
knowledgeably~en connaissance de cause
windsurfing~planche à voile
viewers~les spectateurs
schlep~schlep
Indra~Indra
nave~nef
pompadour~banane
colophon's~Colophon de
grooves~grooves
ROTC's~ROTC de
spectated~spectated
hinders~entrave
duding~duding
discredit~discredit
deck's~deck's
mentor~mentor
hindmost~le plus en arrière
oxygenated~oxygéné
scrap~ferraille
vanning~vanning
injecting~l'injection
incontrovertibly~irréfutablement
viscountess's~vicomtesse de
splashiest~beaux atours
douses~douses
distrait~distrait
sec's~sec de
inelegance~inélégance
unbelievable~incroyable
Prakrit's~prakrit de
Jamar's~Jamar de
cessations~cessations
abashment's~abashment de
reflection~réflexion
baptise~Baptise
glossy~glossy
tousling~ébouriffer
Scotland's~ECOSSE
Saar~Sarre
fraternity's~fraternity's
snorkel~tuba
microgroove's~microsillon de
martyr~martyr
foolhardiest~foolhardiest
Peary's~Peary
bales~balles
specialisation~spécialisation
clasp~fermoir
yakked~yakked
strongroom~salle des coffres
Shackleton's~Shackleton de
Andean's~Années andines
policing~maintien de l'ordre
mortal~mortel
nutpick~nutpick
Minnesotans~Minnesotans
lasagnes~lasagnes
Melba's~Melba de
badge~badge
manifold~collecteur
infuse~infuser
wilt's~flétrissement de
beatnik~beatnik
darling~darling
wastepaper~vieux papiers
makeweights~makeweights
Monaco~Monaco
sheeting~couverture
nanotechnologies~nanotechnologies
obituary~nécrologie
funds~funds
liverish~grincheux
paranoiac~paranoïde
Giles's~Giles
brassiere's~brassière de
so~alors
horrified~horrifié
beneficence's~de bienfaisance
confiscatory~confiscatoire
supervention~supervention
polygraphing~polygraphing
virtual~virtuel
astride~à califourchon
medicament~médicament
petalled~petalled
climb~montée
mikados~Mikado
groping~groping
saucepans~poêlons
countess's~countess's
Boyle's~Boyle
Nebuchadnezzar~Nabuchodonosor
unicameral~monocaméral
Watergate~Watergate
elm's~elm's
agnosticism~agnosticism
neckerchief's~Années neckerchief
overachiever's~de overachiever
deputes~deputes
disrespected~disrespected
cartoon~dessin animé
Ispell~Ispell
audiophile~audiophile
amphora~amphore
priestly~sacerdotal
potential~potentiel
attachment's~l'attachement de
Nanjing's~Nanjing de
smalls~smalls
jabber's~jabber de
lager~bière blonde
dissociation~dissociation
Curie's~Curie de
MCI's~MCI
Payne's~Payne
sleeplessness~insomnie
tautest~tautest
aldermen~échevins
superego's~surmoi de
incensed~exaspéré
moonscape~moonscape
seductress~séductrice
capon's~chapon de
nacre~nacre
dick's~dick's
furrowing~furrowing
midyear~milieu de l'année
motion's~mouvement de
deconstructionism~deconstructionism
misinformed~mal informés
Jana's~Jana de
adds~ajoute
cardsharpers~cardsharpers
toad's~crapaud de
smacked~claqué
GMAT~GMAT
fanatic's~fanatic's
traits~traits
Rex's~Rex de
complement's~compléments
Aiken's~Aiken de
cyborg's~cyborg's
nasal~nasale
ensurers~ensurers
alehouse's~de alehouse
goblin's~goblin's
seraph~séraphin
unbuttons~déboutonne
humidification~humidification
bighead's~marbrée de
oligopolies~oligopoles
spasmodic~spasmodique
tunics~tuniques
bricklaying's~de briquetage
frown~frown
unperson~unperson
Marseillaise's~Marseillaise de
scribes~scribes
banning~interdiction
martin~Martin
scraggiest~scraggiest
message's~messages
fakirs~fakirs
supertanker~supertanker
ninetieths~ninetieths
capacitance's~capacité de de
Popocatepetl's~Popocatepetl de
Sadr~Sadr
cystitis~cystitis
Utrillo~Utrillo
appals~consterne
mutating~muter
headcheese~fromage de tête
itineraries~Itinéraires
nonsmoker's~de non-fumeur
caraway~Carvi
schoolwork~devoirs scolaires
gaslights~gaslights
gauges~gauges
chiffon~mousseline de soie
reinsurance~réassurance
anterior~antérieur
ostracises~ostracises
seamiest~seamiest
hydrogenation~hydrogénation
wins~victoires
landfall's~Années atterrage
segued~segued
Cuba's~Cuba de
Indochina's~Indochine de
bankcards~cartes bancaires
seafaring's~marin de
cg~cg
reauthorises~reauthorises
Chimu~Chimu
Addie~Addie
spenders~dépensiers
sour~acide
caballero's~caballero de
limericks~limericks
Neptune's~Neptune
misunderstood~mal compris
superscribes~superscribes
garnishment~garnishment
reputably~reputably
impenitence~impénitence
tapestry~tapisserie
toughened~trempé
Pindar~Pindare
Brahe~Brahe
interposition~interposition
colonises~colonise
Newtonian~newtonien
university's~Université de
Skye~Skye
bobsleigh's~de bobsleigh
crappiest~crappiest
hunkiest~hunkiest
senoras~señoras
adorably~adorablement
pureed~purées
descriptively~descriptively
fore's~fore's
matchbox~boîte d'allumettes
decay's~decay's
impugners~impugners
sheepskin's~peau de mouton de
instantiated~instancié
cockpits~cockpits
retinue~suite
imbibers~imbibers
Noah~Noé
puller's~extracteur de
scribble~griffonner
Wicca's~Wicca de
Leavenworth's~Leavenworth de
ottoman~ottoman
triennial's~triennal de
concaveness~concavité
tat~camelote
herein~ici
pagodas~pagodes
countermelody~countermelody
Tagus's~années Tage
inseparability's~inséparabilité de
twitches~tressaillements
Mumford's~Mumford de
aetiology~étiologies
Shikoku's~Shikoku de
revilers~outrageux
Messiahs~messies
Sapporo's~Sapporo de
calming~calmant
voyeurism~voyeurisme
talismans~talismans
endeavour~endeavour
sucklings~mamelle
tarmacadam~tarmacadam
Maalox's~Maalox de
calipers~étriers
requiters~requiters
overpowered~dominé
discoloration~discoloration
temporaries~temporaires
condemner's~condemner de
dragoon~dragoon
unicorn's~lICORNE
tangs~tangs
Kaiser's~Kaiser
memorandums~mémorandums
theologians~théologiens
hing~hing
refreshment~rafraîchissement
herbivore~herbivore
Sakharov~sakharov
downplayed~downplayed
object~objet
saxophonists~saxophonistes
biomass's~de la biomasse de
pearls~perles
sullied~sali
marionette~marionnette
koshered~cachérisé
Shillong~Shillong
hellishly~hellishly
amerce~amerce
cinder~cendre
evildoing~evildoing
meekly~docilement
stilt~pilotis
nautical~nautique
lord's~seigneur
Rolaids's~Années Rolaids
whirled~tourbillonné
crustily~crustily
Pyrex's~pyrex de
prescribes~prescrit
personage~personnage
semaphore~sémaphore
mellows~adoucit
Housman's~Housman de
checking~vérification
jugular's~jugulaires de
coldblooded~à sang froid
landownership~propriété foncière
feast~feast
guile's~guile's
triangle's~Triangles
quarrellers~querelleurs
uninstalls~désinstallations
noncombustible~incombustible
nonstarter~nonstarter
moulds~moules
fashionistas~fashionistas
drafters~drafters
ischaemia~ischémies
inertial~d'inertie
poppets~poppets
mendicant's~mendiante de
workforce~la main d'oeuvre
plucky~courageux
diffuses~diffuses
boffo~Boffo
dealt~dealt
betrothing~fiançailles
precarious~précaire
adulteries~adultères
donation's~donation's
fresheners~fresheners
tribesman's~de tribesman
nah~nah
piccalilli's~Années piccalilli
detonations~detonations
handsaws~handsaws
startups~start-up
vesting~acquisition des droits
telescopes~télescopes
botheration~botheration
evilest~evilest
Zyuganov~Ziouganov
Sosa~Sosa
priced~cher
triage's~triage de
underrating~sous-estimer
tease's~teaseuses de
Freddie~Freddie
Stark's~Stark
flank's~flank's
madrasahs~médersas
grapple's~grapple's
stormiest~tempétueuse
resentment~rancœur
nines~nines
immanency~immanence
recheck's~revérifier de
seductresses~séductrices
demonologies~demonologies
criminologist~criminologist
cornucopia~cornucopia
Steuben~Steuben
osteopathic~ostéopathique
calendar~calendrier
limpness's~de limpness
skedaddled~skedaddled
escritoire's~escritoire's
wellsprings~Wellsprings
homeschooling's~de l'école-maison
whoopee~nocer
orifices~orifices
libidos~libidos
negation's~la négation de
parented~parented
moodiness~humeur maussade
orchard~verger
replenishing~réapprovisionnement
chutes~Chutes
outpoint~autopont
sectary~sectateur
parchment~parchemin
baritones~barytons
windfall's~chablis de
parricide's~parricide de
earthliest~earthliest
forwards~forwards
assignee~cessionnaire
wiriest~wiriest
roues~roués
metropolitan~métropolitain
lieges~lieges
ringer~sonneur
concessions~concessions
quantified~quantifié
Iowans~Iowans
overextends~overextends
isotopic~isotope
Sargon's~Sargon de
Matthews~Matthews
fluently~fluently
souffle's~soufflés
shovelfuls~pelletées
walkaway's~walkaway de
calumniation's~de calomnie
obscurely~obscurément
conclave~conclave
numbest~numbest
fictionalising~fictionalising
dells~dells
schoolwork's~de travaux scolaires
Creeks~calanques
surcharged~surtaxée
polyglot's~de polyglottes
wailed~gémit
antiquarian~antiquaire
underproduction~underproduction
meddler~mouche du coche
Gall~Fiel
madcap~écervelé
sevens~Sevens
argon~argon
expandable~expandable
vaginally~vaginalement
notifiable~déclaration obligatoire
Wehrmacht~wehrmacht
Karachi's~Karachi de
inhibitory~inhibiteur
dowdy~dowdy
computers~des ordinateurs
Caucasus's~Caucase du
placation's~de placation
Dada's~Dada
bracero~bracero
coveralls~coveralls
despaired~despaired
sorrier~plus triste
constitutions~constitutions
wormhole's~trou de ver de
snooze's~Snooze de
standpoints~prises de position
shrouds~linceuls
peccadillo's~peccadille de
Doric's~Doric de
conferences~conférences
goldbricker~goldbricker
alas~Hélas
coequals~coequals
appellant's~appelant
lull's~accalmie de
Hebraic's~hébraïque de
Feds~Feds
recoups~récupère
KKK's~KKK de
scam~arnaque
catty~méchant
qualitative~qualitatif
propagandist~propagandiste
denationalising~denationalising
clan~clan
encamp~encamp
arranger~arrangeur
smarted~smarted
billings~facturations
heartrending~déchirant
reinvestment~réinvestissement
cetacean~cétacé
liability's~La responsabilité de
medico~medico
Fellini's~Fellini
daunts~daunts
unceasing~incessant
Fafnir's~Fafnir de
periwig~periwig
redeemed~rachetés
antivivisectionist~antivivisectionist
visibility~visibilité
quinoa~quinoa
Winters~Les hivers
intangibly~intangiblement
tuberose's~Années tubéreuse
grimaces~grimaces
vestigial~rudimentaire
encoring~encoring
beehive~ruche
immolated~immolés
Nantucket's~Nantucket de
fetter's~fetter's
plainsong's~plainsong de
pokier~pokier
presuppositions~présuppositions
sleepover~soirée pyjama
implanted~implanté
picnics~pique-niques
boss's~Le patron de
bedlams~bedlams
Tbilisi's~Tbilissi de
Helicon's~Helicon de
anagram~anagramme
Calvinisms~Calvinisms
aloha~aloha
conjoiner's~conjoiner de
ump's~Années UMP
vandal~vandale
immersions~immersions
Humvee~Humvee
Prussia's~Prusse de
wherewith~avec quoi
flavourful~flavourful
laurels~lauriers
hellhole's~hellhole de
Rambo~Rambo
reembody~reembody
cofferdams~batardeaux
jiggly~jiggly
ours~les notres
Falstaff~Falstaff
skoal~skoal
huffing~sniffer
cornflour~cornflour
desecrates~desecrates
clxii~CLXII
Jenifer's~Jenifer de
Kenmore~Kenmore
pitifully~pitoyablement
beefcakes~Beefcakes
discard's~discard's
cooperators~cooperators
dong's~dong's
sprains~entorses
Valerie~Valerie
gastrointestinal~gastrointestinal
pardon~pardon
snip's~snip de
agelessness's~de agelessness
biennially~tous les deux ans
sleepwalking's~de somnambulisme
smoking~fumeur
paralyse~paralyser
stigmatised~stigmatisé
Gumbel~Gumbel
avoidance's~éviter de
special's~SPECIAL
landlord's~lOCATEUR
rhythm~rythme
manlier~manlier
extravagance's~extravagance's
intolerantly~intolérante
consequent~conséquent
triumvir's~triumvir de
aerials~antennes
sews~coud
hedgehopping~rase-mottes
preempts~préempte
readjusts~réajuste
craft's~craft's
postscripts~postfaces
goalpost~goalpost
Riyadh's~Riyad de
butcheries~boucheries
file~file
mantel's~manteau de
display's~display's
intro's~PRESENTATIONS
gigabyte's~gigabyte's
aspire~aspirer
Ethiopia's~Ethiopie de
faeries~faeries
thoroughfare's~voie de
crookeder~crookeder
Gabrielle~Gabrielle
besetting~obsédant
teleprocessing~télégestion
obtainment~obtention
satyric~satyrique
stirs~agitations
sanctimoniousness~attitude moralisatrice
Flowers's~Flowers
canceller~annuleur
Geneva's~Genève de
skylines~skylines
rousts~rousts
reinterpreting~réinterprétant
curdling~curdling
toughie~toughie
stomacher's~digesteur de
turmerics~turmerics
Moss's~Moss de
imprecisely~imprécisément
obesity~obésité
vitality's~la vitalité de
ssh~ssh
contretemps's~contretemps's
hurts~fait mal
revivalism's~de revivalisme
furtiveness~furtiveness
anticommunist~anticommunistes
crayfishes~crayfishes
goldfinches~goldfinches
desirably~desirably
thrashing~raclée
jesters~farceurs
nevermore~plus jamais
Martha's~Martha
lattices~lattices
ingenuously~ingénument
workhouse~maison de correction
Katmai's~Katmai de
Holder's~titulaire de
debater~debater
brightly~brillamment
meatheads~meatheads
tactics~tactique
palsy's~paralysie
Dakota's~Dakota du
Guinean~Guinée
gusseted~gusseted
drooled~drooled
ambulatories~déambulatoires
Finnegan~Finnegan
howl's~hurlement de
rancidness's~rancissement de
expanding~expanding
sightseer's~de sightseer
relatively~relativement
bitched~râlé
steads~rades
ID~ID
fireflies~fireflies
heats~chaleurs
quires~exige
russet~brun roux
swam~nagé
discovers~discovers
element's~element's
weedier~modifiés des mauvaises herbes
hazarded~hasardé
razzing~razzing
piccolo's~piccolo de
transpiration's~de la transpiration
horsefly's~taon de
cherubic~de chérubin
resided~résidé
canneries~conserveries
meaningfully~de façon significative
Savage~Sauvage
salvage~sauvetage
saguaros~saguaros
regressive~régressif
lobby~hall
feminises~feminises
solvency's~la solvabilité de
pj's~pj de
adjuring~adjurant
godchildren~godchildren
vie~lutter
egregiously~egregiously
temptations~tentations
Hispaniola's~Hispaniola de
bloodthirstiness's~la soif de sang de
slimmest~plus plat
Kroc~Kroc
northward~vers le nord
expansiveness's~expansiveness's
chophouse's~de chophouse
elaboration~elaboration
Major~Majeur
berate~admonester
keenest~plus vif
contradictory~contradictory
ringings~tintements
automatic~automatique
dyslectic~dyslectic
entreaty~entreaty
wedlock's~du mariage
proportion's~proportion de
decathlete~decathlete
supposed~supposé
ammo~munitions
lintel's~linteaux de
chestfuls~chestfuls
Wilbur~Wilbur
apex~sommet
Sheridan's~Sheridan
draughtsmen~draughtsmen
phased~progressive
lengthiness's~de longueur
intercommunication's~intercommunication de
bushwhacker~bushwhacker
arrogated~arrogé
harrier~harrier
blinds~stores
tooter~Tooter
Vivekananda~Vivekananda
reissuing~réémission
froth~froth
Mercury's~mercure de
adventuress~aventurière
ABA~ABA
gemmology~gemmology
loony's~de loony
dowries~dowries
combs~peignes
divisor~divisor
opaquest~opaquest
neutrality~neutralité
Kauai~Kauai
eldritch~eldritch
misconstruing~dénaturant
Ethan~Ethan
Nemesis~Némésis
kilowatt's~kilowatt de
aspic's~aspic de
oenology~œnologique
Fannie's~Fannie
tardiness~lenteur
hurrahed~hurrahed
Bolsheviki~bolchevistes
cluster~grappe
quiver~trembler
leftover~laissé pour compte
encores~encores
Tyndale's~Tyndale de
boron~bore
honourable~honorable
prekindergartens~prekindergartens
meagerness~maigreur
scrutinises~scrute
pederast's~de pédéraste
Kantian~kantien
Er's~Er de
geosyncline's~geosyncline's
alderman~échevin
colluding~collusion
persisted~persisté
overviews~vue d'ensemble
microloans~micro-crédits
polyunsaturate~polyunsaturate
atrium~atrium
Froissart~Froissart
sporadic~sporadique
republic~république
millpond~bief d'un moulin
downheartedness's~downheartedness's
recommissioned~réarmé
Copland's~Copland de
rights~droits
borne~Borne
comprehensible~compréhensible
Forest~Forêt
suckled~allaité
vodka's~vodka de
disrupt~disrupt
soundly~judicieusement
Oxycontin's~Oxycontin de
revitalisation~revitalisation
attenders~pratiquants
Kentuckian's~Kentuckian de
Caldwell's~Caldwell
maizes~Les maïs
bailiwick's~Années bailliage
spirally~en spirale
Hodge's~Hodge de
miscast~miscast
Schuylkill's~schuylkill de
Ann~Ann
embezzles~embezzles
earliest~earliest
false~false
platonic~platonique
escrow~escrow
Shostakovitch's~shostakovitch de
pantyhose's~collant
choppiness's~saccadées de
dehydrates~dehydrates
cremes~cremes
fernier~fernier
hardwood's~hardwood's
disembowelment's~disembowelment's
suckles~allaite
Berenice~Berenice
strafe's~mitrailler de
righter~righter
clerestory's~Années lanterneaux
broadsword~glaive
force's~force's
virtue's~vertu de
grinder~grinder
compost~compost
industrialism's~de l'industrialisme
yonder~là
mugshot's~de Mugshot
tulle's~tulle de
summertime~heure d'été
architecturally~architecturalement
encompassing~encompassing
Mohegan~Mohegan
endears~endears
Miguel's~Miguel de
Hera~Hera
dipoles~dipoles
suffrage's~le suffrage
blankness~air mort
trick~tour
soviet~soviétique
inscrutableness~inscrutable
Bernanke's~Bernanke de
abbreviation~abréviation
partway~à mi-chemin
privatisations~privatisations
weathered~intempéries
Ahmed's~Ahmed
overcrowd~surcharger
impend~être imminent
legalising~légalisant
treeline~treeline
confabbing~confabbing
creepier~creepier
slimness's~sveltesse de
unlimbers~unlimbers
involution~involution
Armstrong~Armstrong
smoke's~la fumée de
Havoline's~Années HAVOLINE
Somali's~Somalie de
Bertram's~Bertram
oxide~oxyde
Iberian's~Ibérique de
barberries~barberries
steamrolling~rushs
catchier~catchier
shipping~livraison
drops~drops
tilers~carreleurs
jestingly~plaisamment
unaccomplished~inachevé
got~got
flights~flights
brute's~brute de
luminescence's~de luminescence
goggles's~goggles's
econ~econ
truce's~trêve de
Orwell's~Orwell
trifle's~peu de
nettlesome~nettlesome
smelling~odeur
intimate~intime
ictus's~Années ictus
divider's~divider's
imposers~imposers
apoptosis~apoptose
stretchier~plus extensible
tigress's~tigresse de
pleading's~acte de procédure de
retrospective~rétrospective
Hf's~Années Hf
libation~libation
zoologists~zoologistes
laddered~Filé
sickbay~infirmerie
demerit's~demerit's
kindly~gentiment
Halley~Halley
dehydration~dehydration
warship's~navire de guerre de
inpatient's~des patients hospitalisés de
reporters~journalistes
betroths~fiance
smashed~fracassé
peripatetic's~de péripatéticienne
tenoning~tenoning
friendship~friendship
bobsledder~bobsledder
newscaster~présentateur de nouvelles
impenetrably~impénétrablement
titleholder's~tenant du titre de
loomed~tissés
stickiness~caractère poisseux
demigods~demigods
lavatories~toilettes
sponger~parasite
wielders~manieurs
preconceptions~préconceptions
would~aurait
smooths~lissages
uninstallers~uninstallers
Antillean~antillean
sepals~sépales
totality~totalité
Jefferson~Jefferson
retrograded~rétrogradée
Cal's~CAL
cook~cook
phlebitis~phlébite
Ogilvy's~Ogilvy
slaughtering~abattages
concomitant~concomitant
abrupt~brusque
unharmed~sain et sauf
pontificate's~pontificat de
vineyards~vignobles
Mosley's~Mosley
consultation~consultation
increase~augmenter
priestliness~priestliness
shaded~ombré
confidante~confidente
scabs~scabs
allege~alléguer
rarefied~raréfiée
gladder~gladder
signalization's~de signalisation
Meyers~Meyers
surplice's~Années surplis
scarcity~rareté
robbing~voler
configurable~configurable
Sellers~Les vendeurs
explodes~explodes
dynamited~dynamited
Denebola~Denebola
beater~batteur
revolting~révoltant
tuberculous~tuberculeux
Dreyfus~Dreyfus
prefers~préfère
unlit~non éclairé
Ono's~Ono
whilst~tandis que
manoeuvrability's~manoeuvrabilité
bungle's~Bungle de
dewlaps~dewlaps
disputers~disputers
curer's~curer's
resplendent~resplendissant
zephyrs~zéphyrs
flighty~flighty
emblazons~emblazons
demisting~demisting
statutes~statuts
Sheena~Sheena
Fourier~Fourier
alkalinity's~alcalinité de
ESE~ESE
blowout~éteindre
java's~java de
Roche~Roche
limelight's~Limelight de
unexplored~inexploré
runes~Runes
HDMI~HDMI
extincted~extincted
fleabite~fleabite
Taoisms~Taoisms
Bali~Bali
beaters~batteurs
procedural~de procédure
pathless~non praticable
rehash's~de ressasser
nonpareil~sans égal
Gladstone~Gladstone
shines~resplendit
horehounds~horehounds
excommunicated~excommunicated
Ind~Indiana
Maisie~Maisie
sweller~Sweller
orzo~orzo
dingus~dingus
ballasted~lestée
horse's~les chevaux
moon~lune
poi~poi
saloons~saloons
robbery~vol
legislation~législation
trundles~cahote
piggeries~porcheries
groveller~groveller
arbiter's~arbitre de
honey's~le miel de
conversing~conversing
vacationists~vacanciers
countersignatures~countersignatures
exclusiveness's~exclusiveness's
doubtlessly~doubtlessly
recuperation~récupération
generators~generators
excesses~excesses
storerooms~celliers
consolation~consolation
boxy~boxy
injunction~injonction
scorcher's~scorcher de
ranks~rangs
Elmer~Elmer
wheelbarrows~brouettes
lambadas~Lambadas
framing~framing
grocery~grocery
pharmaceutic~pharmaceutique
drivelled~drivelled
handsprings~handsprings
starkness~starkness
ferrule's~ferrule's
sabra's~sabra de
rowlocks~tolets
kidneys~reins
haunch~hanche
debating~debating
Mailer~Mailer
coon~coon
rapid~rapide
Andromeda's~Andromède de
counsels~counsels
transfer~transfert
welled~jailli
wear's~-porter
Ob's~Années Ob
approximated~approximée
alum~alun
creepiest~creepiest
planetarium~planétarium
germanium~germanium
Galen's~Galien
northwestern~nord-ouest
causally~causalement
woodenly~woodenly
cuspids~cuspids
bezel's~lunette années
desires~desires
scruffs~Scruffs
ripsaws~déligneuses
currently~currently
bale~balle
leafstalk's~Années pétiole
poofters~poofters
private's~est privé
velveteen's~Années velveteen
handmade~handmade
charismatic~charismatique
mustily~mustily
panhandle~manche
councillors~councillors
baseman's~de joueur de base
unloose~délier
screeds~chapes
purporting~prétendant
commuters~navetteurs
emulative~emulative
dagger~dagger
compilation~compilation
ranker~simple soldat
dishevelment's~dishevelment's
decoupages~decoupages
parsec~parsec
frogmarch~frogmarch
sequels~suites
cult~cult
newsgroup~newsgroup
highlighted~a souligné
influencing~influençant
cursedly~cursedly
attributing~attribuant
paganism's~du paganisme
randiest~randiest
Adirondack~Adirondack
defrauder~defrauder
wheelies~wheelies
Amati~Amati
Apostle's~apôtre
lamp~lampe
Torres's~Années Torres
Cambridge~Cambridge
garage's~garage's
elephantiasis~elephantiasis
humanitarianism's~de humanitarisme
Cornishes~Cornishes
wheezed~siffla
burg's~burg de
deponent~deponent
swizz~Swizz
shoppers~acheteurs
gristmill~gristmill
Lamb's~Lamb
regretfully~avec regret
fluorescence~fluorescence
barbacoa~Barbacoa
herrings~harengs
Gary~Gary
Drew~A dessiné
roughhouses~roughhouses
reaffirmations~réaffirmations
growl~growl
demoniacally~demoniacally
strife's~les conflits de
sketched~esquissée
deducts~deducts
polygraphed~examen polygraphique
unaware~ignorant
Gethsemane's~Gethsémani de
crime~crime
zeitgeists~zeitgeists
opal~opale
frenetically~frenetically
obstructiveness's~de obstructiveness
suburbia~suburbia
relaxation's~de détente
sequencing~séquençage
misalignment's~de mauvais alignement
emirate~emirate
mousiness's~mousiness de
wildflowers~fleurs sauvages
tholes~Thöles
behindhand~en retard
infuriating~exaspérant
illumination's~éclairage de
weight~poids
spiraea~spirée
Christa's~Christa de
vesicle~vésicule
engineered~engineered
alumnus's~ancien élève de
Adan's~Adan de
band's~bandes
hemlines~ourlets
posits~postule
shelving~rayonnage
indistinct~indistinct
Ursuline~Ursulines
tonsillectomy's~amygdalectomie de
chairwoman~présidente
annunciation~Annonciation
disgruntle~disgruntle
hinge's~charnière de
mortgagors~débiteurs hypothécaires
Marcy~Marcy
metier's~de metier
triangularly~triangulairement
barristers~Barristers
tribulations~tribulations
ne'er~jamais
loitering~flânage
megalith's~de mégalithe
bedpost~bedpost
vegetarianism~végétarisme
nimrods~nimrods
Earline~Earline
practicality~pratique
Utah's~l'Utah
space's~les espaces
weepies~Weepies
isthmuses~isthmes
cementing~cimentation
dealings~dealings
emerita~emerita
bx~bx
soignee~soignee
linguistics~linguistique
bacchanalians~Bacchanales
shakedown's~Années Shakedown
Copenhagen~Copenhague
pharyngitis's~de pharyngite
upsides~upsides
gonorrhoea's~gonorrhoea's
reverent~respectueux
Murphy's~Murphy
Wu~Wu
Marguerite~Marguerite
straitened~à l'étroit
chastisers~chastisers
stopcock~robinet d'arrêt
hobnailed~clouté
roundabout~rond point
darkener~darkener
radioman~radioman
bigheartedness~bigheartedness
dusts~dusts
deadpans~deadpans
centrist~centriste
outing~sortie
shouters~crieurs
bedroll~bedroll
cricket's~cricket's
gnu's~gnu's
expectorated~expectorated
perversely~un effet pervers
overhears~surprend
Analects's~années Analectes
calligrapher~calligraphe
fleeting~fleeting
Biddle's~Biddle
females~females
Colin's~Colin de
meridian's~méridien de
predator~prédateur
empire's~empire's
recrudesce~être en recrudescence
flustered~flustered
Theiler~Theiler
accurately~avec précision
landlord~propriétaire
psychedelic~psychédélique
eye's~eye's
argots~argots
tattling~tattling
NBS~NBS
crabbiness~crabbiness
priest~prêtre
AF~UN F
lutenist~luthiste
breadwinner~soutien de famille
Tiberius's~Tibère
dullard's~dullard's
anchor~ancre
shinguard~protège-tibia
garter's~garter's
Hun's~Hun de
impersonate~imiter
uneaten~non mangé
sweetmeat's~sweetmeat de
dominatrices~dominatrices
traducers~calomniateurs
lugs~cosses
jaded~blasé
storming~assaut
semiweeklies~semiweeklies
metro's~mÉTRO
Golgi~Golgi
perplexedly~avec perplexité
Chivas's~Chivas de
rubric~rubrique
private~privé
ghostwrite~ghostwrite
Kampuchea's~Kampuchea de
unwarrantable~unwarrantable
peskier~peskier
awaken~éveiller
overthrowing~renverser
representation~représentation
serial's~de série
PCs~PC
serif's~serif de
alternators~alternateurs
riffs~riffs
savourier~savourier
OKed~OKed
Morrison~Morrison
refund's~de remboursement
rhomboid~rhomboïde
irregularities~irrégularités
semivowel's~Années semivoyelle
blacklisted~mis à l'index
restaurant's~Restaurants
lanker~lanker
discuss~discuss
memorises~mémorise
childishness~enfantillage
waterholes~waterholes
gluttonous~gluttonous
telephoned~téléphona
Erato's~Erato de
Mensa~Mensa
Rafael's~Rafael de
summerhouse's~gloriette de
feints~feints
steriliser's~stérilisateur de
grievousness's~grievousness's
inflexion~inflexion
disciplines~disciplines
telescope's~télescope de
Gupta~Gupta
Golan's~Golan de
unendurable~insupportable
Bede~Bede
prescriptive~prescriptive
cohabitant's~cohabitant de
renaming~changement de nom
toilette's~toilette de
bystanders~spectateurs
tocsins~tocsins
aeon~temps infini
tightens~raffermit
platters~plateaux
foregone~foregone
Pauli's~Pauli de
standout~ressortir
sloughing~escarre
bases~bases
totally~totalement
unbeaten~invaincu
semiannual~semi-annuel
stayer~stayer
collar's~col de
helpfully~obligeamment
napoleons~napoléons
Bosch's~Bosch
Benito's~Benito de
abductor's~de ravisseur
shipping's~expédition de
farriers~farriers
ageings~vieillissements
axles~essieux
gutturals~gutturals
Ct~Ct
metalworking's~Travail des métaux de
Weber's~Weber
Beverly~Beverly
burbles~gazouille
Brezhnev's~Brejnev
impossible~impossible
convents~convents
kvetch's~de kvetch
Celt's~Celt de
Paiute's~paiute de
chamois's~Années chamois
anaesthetist~anesthésiste
ambrosial~ambrosiaque
gauziness's~gauziness's
lexicographical~lexicographique
root's~les racines
environmentalism's~environmentalism's
impotent~impuissant
Kropotkin~Kropotkine
exerciser's~exerciser's
Virginian's~Virginian de
poorboy~pauvre garçon
fantasia's~fantasia's
Kinsey's~Kinsey de
grandmothers~grandmothers
retribution's~rétribution de
bods~BOD
microcircuit's~microcircuit de
caterwauling~miaulements
reunions~réunions
crumpling~crumpling
tracksuits~Survêtements
Nelsen~Nelsen
launder~blanchir
handwriting's~handwriting's
rivieras~riviera
strafing~mitraillage
helping~portion
tosh~blagues
namesake~homonyme
diastolic~diastolic
uninitiated~non-initiés
animosity's~l'animosité de
larkspur~delphinium
linage's~de linage
shield's~Boucliers
anaerobe's~anaérobique de
retinue's~cortége de
therapeutics~thérapeutique
Shasta's~Années Shasta
twitched~remua
petitions~pétitions
Jed's~Jed de
Sweden's~la Suède
yegg's~casseur de
popgun~pistolet à bouchon
postponement's~le report de
throatily~rauque
unbolt~déboulonner
dormouse's~dormouse's
followups~followups
hawker's~Hawker
Ezekiel's~Ezekiel de
Casanova's~Casanova
ocean's~océans
nymphos~nymphos
York's~York de
circus~cirque
peccary~pécari
neurologically~neurologiquement
squawk~cri
wires~fils
chukka's~Années chukka
Zambian's~zambien de
mahoganies~acajous
currency's~currency's
ransomer~rédempteur
reinvigorating~revigorer
transmutes~transmutations
versing~Versing
dinnertime's~dinnertime's
starling~étourneau
biretta~barrette
Crane's~crane
Sherry's~Sherry
lordlier~lordlier
songbook's~de recueils de chants
nephritis's~Années néphrite
haven~havre
Ladoga's~Ladoga de
trusteeship~curatelle
physic~physic
suffer~souffrir
biotechnology's~secteurs de la biotechnologie
avocado's~avocats
isomerism~isomérie
interceptors~intercepteurs
telecast~émission de télévision
cud~cud
ebony~ebony
diphthong's~diphthong's
Serbia~Serbie
unify~unifier
Merrimack~Merrimack
thoughtfully~pensif
total's~le total de
borrowing's~de l'emprunt
development's~development's
sperms~spermes
Darius~Darius
laze~paresser
swear~jurer
vantage's~vue de
filtrated~filtrated
Hormuz~Hormuz
lord~Seigneur
hogtie~hogtie
unbosoms~unbosoms
Afrikaner~afrikaner
Flaubert~Flaubert
headache's~des maux de tête
wordier~verbeux
allocation's~Les montants alloués à
Congo's~Congo de
recitative~récitatif
tadpole~têtard
joined~relié
brightness's~luminosité de
wonderment's~de émerveillée
Delacruz~Delacruz
rebutted~réfutée
multitude's~multitude de
semaphores~sémaphores
cooperage~cooperage
go's~go's
noshes~noshes
eat~eat
lien's~privilège de
populaces~populaces
solemnness's~de solennité
crevice's~crevice's
proffer's~proférer de
mistletoe~du gui
twined~torsadé
ukases~ukases
quietuses~quietuses
glassware~glassware
nihilism's~le nihilisme de
thrice~trois fois
beguiles~séduit
coarsened~coarsened
expressively~expressively
showplace's~de showplace
miserliness~avarice
severely~gravement
Frigga~Frigga
vapidness's~fadeur de
shirked~esquivé
brusquer~brusquer
Jahangir's~Jahangir de
Australia's~L'AUSTRALIE
imperfectness~imperfectness
Turkish's~de la Turquie
paresis~parésie
pitied~eut pitié
Camilla's~Camilla
gigabyte~gigabyte
Jonson's~Jonson
flubbing~flubbing
Andaman~Andaman
suppleness's~la souplesse de
IRS~IRS
Clapton's~Clapton
flagstone~flagstone
distressingly~distressingly
suppressors~suppresseurs
magnifies~magnifie
Abdul's~d'Abdul
simmering~frémissement
washings~lavage
masticate~mastiquer
Collin~Collin
bucksaw's~bucksaw de
Astrakhan~Astrakan
calves~veaux
soothingly~apaisant
showstopping~showstopping
Jeri~Jeri
crowbars~crowbars
Zion~Sion
menstruation's~de règles
rigorousness's~Années rigorisme
steels~aciers
weans~sèvre
foggiest~foggiest
trifocals~trifocaux
access~accès
puzzlement's~de perplexité
Bach~Bach
asylum's~asile de
Marietta~Marietta
undetected~non détecté
Alton's~Alton de
grouch's~grouch's
carcinogens~carcinogènes
earwigs~earwigs
Dirk~Poignard
Purana~purana
toniest~toniest
beansprout~beansprout
laziest~paresseux
saying's~dire de
armadillos~tatous
Blevins~Blevins
traumas~traumatismes
bandbox~carton à chapeau
blip's~blip de
reuses~réutilisations
sickie~sickie
pertinacious~opiniâtre
trussing~trousser
preempted~préempté
geometry's~geometry's
overprotected~surprotégé
starkly~crûment
headpieces~Coiffes
archaically~archaïquement
oinked~oinked
busk~jouer dans la rue
Liebfraumilch~Liebfraumilch
patty~petit pâté
propound~proposer
crewelwork~crewelwork
futurology~futurology
heatstroke's~de coups de chaleur
cache~cachette
hast~as
gayness~gayness
nameplates~plaques signalétiques
debilitates~debilitates
bolstered~renforcé
nap~sieste
Goodall's~Goodall de
impeller's~roue à aubes de
hallway~hallway
dedicate~dedicate
indite~composer
chickenfeed's~Années chickenfeed
concise~concis
ineffectiveness~inefficacité
untruth~mensonge
contour~contour
nonstrategic~non stratégique
visits~visites
accommodated~logés
Saragossa's~saragosse de
sketchier~sketchier
hairbands~hairbands
cosmetologists~cosmetologists
ballgames~jeux de ballon
sheikdoms~émirats
derailleurs~derailleurs
lankiness~lankiness
disharmony's~disharmony's
overdecorating~overdecorating
wallowing~vautrer
aphelions~aphelions
stables~écuries
repeatably~répétable
Rubaiyat's~rubaiyat de
Nestorius's~Nestorius de
vulgarisms~vulgarismes
paymaster's~de paymaster
drifted~drifted
terminate~mettre fin
casework's~de traitement des dossiers
algorithmic~algorithmiques
netball~netball
screenshots~captures d'écran
vellum's~vélin de
Gene's~Gene
ruttier~ruttier
obsolescence~obsolescence
presto's~Années presto
intangibility~intangibilité
acetates~acétates
unfrocking~défroqué
dispenses~dispenses
appellations~appellations
stats~stats
wag's~WAG de
dose's~dose's
Bandung~Bandung
poppycock's~de balivernes
homier~homier
scrawnier~scrawnier
doorway's~doorway's
Rand's~Rand
Palembang~Palembang
tercentennial~tercentennial
stent~stent
Isabel's~Isabel
Hegelian~hégélien
Samsonite~Samsonite
earned~earned
wastepaper's~de vieux papiers
sensitive's~de sensibles
distresses~distresses
nosh~bouffe
backstretch's~de ligne droite arrière
quartos~quartos
quagmires~bourbiers
trodden~foulé
Jess's~Jess de
campy~Campy
pharmaceuticals~médicaments
prying~indiscret
street~rue
ointment~pommade
ambler's~Ambler de
flicks~flicks
Bullock's~Bullock
concerts~concerts
commemorators~commémorateurs
Deming's~Deming
arras's~Années arras
defencelessly~defencelessly
palatinates~palatinats
numbing~anesthésiant
Merle~Merle
groove's~groove's
cardinal~cardinal
landmasses~émergées
crossover's~crossover's
crests~crests
scruffiness's~laisser-aller de
rhetoricians~rhéteurs
blockaded~bloqué
reanalysis's~réanalyse de
proletariat~prolétariat
Verlaine~verlaine
shameful~honteux
swastika's~années croix gammée
Erasmus's~Erasmus de
mistrustful~méfiant
ennui~ennui
style~style
sandiest~sandiest
H~H
Axum's~Axum de
cogitator~cogitateur
fallacy's~fallacy's
teams~équipes
rubbernecks~badauds
verbalises~verbalise
underachieves~underachieves
accessorised~accessoirisée
rhinoceros~rhinocéros
obtainable~qu'on peut obtenir
engrams~engrams
coffeepot's~coffeepot de
groundswell's~groundswell's
Poles~Polonais
Tums's~Années Tums
hypotenuse~hypoténuse
Ashlee's~Ashlee de
chunks~morceaux
crooks~crooks
Steinbeck's~Steinbeck
crayolas~crayolas
type's~les types
Manchester~Manchester
Ina~Dans un
pikers~pikers
chewer's~de chewer
Warren~Garenne
accoutres~accoutres
preciousness~préciosité
cosmopolitanism's~cosmopolitanism's
wantonly~étourdiment
wrath's~la colère de
Quechua's~Quechua de
impregnability~imprenabilité
dispossession~dispossession
voltmeter~voltmètre
marrows~moelles
swirls~tourbillonne
randiness's~de randiness
sphagnum's~sphaigne de
repeats~répétitions
Thomism's~thomisme de
cloaca's~cloaque de
brasserie~brasserie
dizziest~dizziest
balalaika's~balalaïka de
plummeting~en chute libre
kWh~kWh
marge~margarine
spice~pimenter
gad~gad
lesbians~lesbiennes
violincellos~violincellos
Cardiff~Cardiff
litigated~plaidée
synthetic~synthétique
Pulaski's~Pulaski de
copyists~copyists
shunning~Fuyant
Gibraltar's~Gibraltar de
contextualised~contextualised
McBride~McBride
asap~au plus vite
churches~des églises
hatting~casquette
venomous~venimeux
rancher~propriétaire de ranch
Bernese~bernois
palette's~La palette de
uncorking~débouchage
sleeve's~manches
compliant~conforme
giving~giving
sociology's~la sociologie de
stinkers~stinkers
flab's~flab's
holdup~braquage
Gienah's~Gienah de
fancily~fancily
humidified~humidifié
Winston's~Winston
sedates~sedates
owns~propriétaire
grantsmanship~grantsmanship
departments~departments
Teddy~Teddy
visa~visa
turkeys~dindes
ventriloquism~ventriloquie
Catiline's~Catilina
consume~consume
rubberneck~badaud
notification's~de notification
odder~Odder
tasted~goûté
unit's~unité de
witch~sorcière
sandpapering~lijado
demoed~demoed
ballroom's~Salle des fêtes
knobs~boutons
Kandahar's~Kandahar de
mustn't~ne doit pas
receptivity's~de la réceptivité
Midwestern~Middle West
Semtex~Semtex
Ptolemy~Ptolémée
protection's~protection de
negotiated~négocié
swirly~tourbillonnant
decry~decry
rejuvenating~rajeunissant
Proust~Proust
cookware~cookware
twitting~pépiement
latecomer's~retardataire de
summons's~assignation de
pellagra's~pellagre de
Troyes~Troyes
fireside's~fireside's
impartiality's~l'impartialité de
laminated~feuilleté
darted~darted
umps~UMPS
cat~chat
dues~dues
roustabout's~roustabout de
shouting~en criant
classifies~classifie
cultivable~cultivable
antiquarianism~antiquarianism
mams~mams
vibraharp's~vibraharp de
elites~elites
sidestroke~sidestroke
vaudevillian's~de vaudeville
indexers~indexeurs
slips~glisse
brainteasers~jeux de réflexion
ponging~ponging
Belgian~Belge
evangelising~evangelising
pigheadedness's~de l'entêtement
nurser~nurser
modernise~moderniser
poltroons~poltrons
deviate's~deviate's
weightlessly~weightlessly
stockbroking's~de courtage
Mapplethorpe's~Mapplethorpe
monasticism's~monachisme de
bounding~englobante
macaroon~macaron
ladle~louche
Nashville~Nashville
Cornell's~Cornell
Huff's~Huff
bluing~bleuissement
weak~faible
hankers~hankers
Caracalla's~Caracalla de
insulin~insuline
snared~enlacés
tarmac's~tarmac de
agglutinations~agglutinations
Montgomery's~Montgomery
musicology's~de musicologie
anons~Anon
remoulds~rechapés
Laverne's~Laverne de
conductor's~conducteur de
cannier~cannier
footlights~footlights
dividing~dividing
coherency's~de cohérence
preservers~sauveurs
Shaun's~Shaun de
anaesthesia's~anesthésie de
jewels~bijoux
bellicosity~bellicisme
eighteens~eighteens
gurgles~gurgles
injects~injectent
peafowl's~paons de
Niccolo's~Niccolo de
faults~faults
vitiate~vicier
levers~leviers
drizzle's~drizzle's
untimeliest~untimeliest
predigesting~predigesting
knickknacks~bibelots
mellowing~adoucissement
ethane's~ethane's
thoroughbred's~pur-sang de
Willard's~Willard
Greeley's~Greeley de
scalps~scalps
pended~suspendu
perfumeries~parfumeries
voyager's~Voyager de
reclaiming~récupération
mulct's~de frapper d'une amende
pneumatic~pneumatique
incorrectly~incorrectement
Thad~Thad
Saladin~Saladin
reappraising~réévaluant
astronomer's~astronome de
laggards~retardataires
satchel's~cartable de
buoyancy's~de flottabilité
neutralist~neutraliste
creel's~creel's
colds~le rhume
benching~benching
wittier~wittier
disablement~disablement
slanders~médisances
golliwogs~golliwogs
Melody's~Melody de
seiner~senneur
Uzbekistan's~Ouzbékistan de
fourteens~fourteens
Meighen~Meighen
filer's~filer's
Amie~Amie
boogeymen~Boogeymen
honorifics~honorifics
pleasurably~pleasurably
biographies~Biographies
indispensable's~indispensable de
virtuousness~virtuousness
Bethune~Bethune
disparagement's~disparagement's
Dexedrine's~de Dexedrine
scratchcards~cartes à gratter
lake's~des lacs
Koreans~Coréens
noncontinuous~non continu
jackknifed~jackknife
condom~préservatif
twerked~twerked
commitment~engagement
communicative~communicatif
fulcrum's~fulcrum's
horticulturalists~horticulteurs
dampness~dampness
moralities~moralités
bisexuality's~bisexualité de
grassy~grassy
Evenki~evenki
remorselessness's~de manque de remords
Fatima~Fatima
vexation's~vexation de
millrace's~bief de
baton's~bâton de
stained~coloré
quarantined~mis en quarantaine
nanobots~nanobots
unalterably~immuablement
bongs~bongs
disrepute's~disrepute's
acetaminophen~acétaminophène
entertainer~entertainer
frig~frig
proposal's~les propositions
Donner~Donner
interjections~interjections
muddying~brouillant
poms~poms
spraying~pulvérisation
Angkor~Angkor
incorruptibility~incorruptibilité
unsolved~non résolu
tranquil~tranquille
truculence~agressivité
permanent's~ce permanent
longboat~grande chaloupe
import~importer
firmament~firmament
liturgy~liturgie
congrats~félicitations
wingding~wingding
Fischer's~Fischer
liquors~liqueurs
unharnessed~dételé
tarragons~tarragons
nonparallel~non parallèles
audaciously~audacieusement
stuff~des trucs
feature's~feature's
equal's~equal's
Kronecker's~kronecker de
diadem~diadem
Islamism's~islamisme de
cashmere~cachemire
Mauritius~Ile Maurice
accounting's~de la comptabilité
theorising~théorisation
unicorns~licornes
chivalry's~de chevalerie
Glendale~Glendale
sulphured~soufré
mushy~détrempé
standees~places debout
fellowships~fellowships
McKenzie's~McKenzie
Bess~Bess
wearily~lassitude
bandstands~bandstands
placekick~botté de placement
kitchen~cuisine
beekeeper's~apiculteur de
lisle's~lisle de
Isiah~Isiah
governed~governed
indolent~indolent
idealising~idéaliser
Kate~Kate
garcon's~garcon's
batches~lots
babysitter~Baby-sitter
cogitators~cogitators
spoken~parlé
usages~coutumes
suffixing~suffixation
gemologist's~gemologist's
Delilah's~Delilah
songs~Chansons
snarlier~snarlier
Monte's~Monte de
dogfight's~dogfight's
Imus's~Imus de
flannelette~flannelette
telemeter's~de télémètres
spookiness's~de spookiness
vasts~vasts
loots~Loots
snuffer's~mouchettes
Goodyear~Bonne année
portentously~portentously
mulcting~mulcting
exurban~exurban
appositive~appositive
thees~thees
sexists~sexists
convertibles~convertibles
we'll~bien
inconsequentially~inconséquente
beading~perlage
insentience's~insentience de
questioning~interrogatoire
ascertaining~VÉRIFICATION
cent's~cent de
Libreville's~Libreville de
pyrites's~de pyrites
adduce~apporter
gangs~gangs
resow~ressemer
slavish~servile
reecho~retentir
kips~kips
Thorazine~Thorazine
mystifies~mystifie
Tibet's~Tibet
exploit~exploit
alert~alerte
stars~étoiles
whisk's~fouet de
congrats's~Années Congrats
trickery's~de la ruse
bickerer's~bickerer de
doodlebug's~doodlebug's
Cassie~Cassie
champion's~champion de
Valentin's~Valentin de
telling~récit
Mormon~mormon
Franciscan~franciscain
strontium's~strontium de
gratings~gratings
guilelessness~guilelessness
heptagons~heptagones
Hohenzollern's~Hohenzollern de
reticulation's~de réticulation
quip~quolibet
Czechia's~czechia de
certification~certificat
repairman's~de réparateur
FOFL~FOFL
rantings~élucubrations
lump~bosse
tizzy~panique
unregulated~non réglementée
recycle's~recyclage de
unedited~non édité
batched~en lot
Bratislava~Bratislava
NORAD's~NORAD de
flask~flask
bay's~baie de
toiling~peinant
straightforwards~straightforwards
lightning's~la foudre de
lawsuit~procès
ninths~neuvièmes
hamstrings~hamstrings
whippersnappers~freluquets
caws~croasse
described~described
ranee~Ranee
expatriate's~expatriate's
lynchings~lynchages
diversifies~diversifies
Errol~Errol
monaural~monaural
eclogue's~eclogue's
FWIW~FWIW
indium~indium
newsreel~newsreel
Burlington~Burlington
refurnished~remeublé
surrealistically~surréalisants
sprayed~pulvérisé
gator's~gator's
zigzag~zigzag
uncorroborated~corroborés
incarceration's~l'incarcération de
pheasants~faisans
calcifying~calcification
militiaman~milicien
midwifed~midwifed
regency~régence
overlying~sus-jacente
seaside's~bord de mer de
restitches~restitches
synonym's~synonyme de
immateriality's~de immatérialité
tumble's~linge de
unarmoured~unarmoured
Capricorns~Capricornes
approximates~se rapproche
wildness's~de sauvagerie
backwater's~de marigot
perfumery~parfumerie
upstream~en amont
suitability~pertinence
Waters~Des eaux
stylistically~stylistiquement
surreptitiousness~surreptitiousness
scallions~oignons verts
jetliner~avion de ligne
revised~modifié
bisector~bissecteur
derails~derails
inn's~auberge de
surfboard~planche de surf
excerpt's~excerpt's
footrests~footrests
admixtures~adjuvants
campaigned~campagne
rematches~revanches
dost~dost
Ypsilanti~Ypsilanti
operated~exploité
rotor~rotor
Pinocchio~Pinocchio
hf~hf
eyewash~eyewash
oafishness~oafishness
beacons~balises
vignetted~vignetted
continually~continually
Lydian~Lydian
circumnavigate~circumnavigation
continental's~continental's
Erin~Erin
hemmers~ourleuses
basil's~années basilic
phonologist's~phonologue de
gluts~gluts
Gemini~Gémeaux
reascended~remonta
unstudied~spontané
crimp~crimp
saps~Sucs
employment's~employment's
reviewing~révision
Crowley~Crowley
dialect's~dialect's
Romany's~tzigane de
SOB's~Sanglots
unethically~unethically
incipience's~de commencement
conservationist's~de défenseur de l'environnement
ravenous~vorace
noninterference~non-ingérence
superbest~Superbest
Fido's~Fido
spellchecker's~de spellchecker
emblazonment's~emblazonment's
morosely~d'un air morose
Gap's~Gap de
minibikes~minibikes
Telemann~Telemann
Mithridates~Mithridate
Bach's~Bach
layup's~lay-up de
embrasure's~embrasure's
Cong~Cong
bevvies~bevvies
avenges~venge
plagiarist~plagiaire
summit~sommet
deans~deans
notify~informer
enticed~enticed
cafe~café
incommensurate~sans rapport
carton~carton
planets~planètes
largish~largish
chemical's~chimique de
suave~doucereux
tatting~frivolité
pedantically~avec pédantisme
parsimonious~parcimonieux
Ecuadoran's~Années équatoriens
Martial's~Martial
naked~nu
highness~altesse
levitates~lévite
punchlines~punchlines
Amiga~Amiga
Creek's~Creek de
dispirit~dispirit
packed~emballé
ousting~évincement
censured~censuré
Danton~Danton
effusive~effusive
blooded~sang
stalwart~vigoureux
Matterhorn's~Cervin de
unveiled~dévoilé
firehouse~firehouse
shrubbery~massif d'arbustes
maintop's~hune de
gatekeepers~gatekeepers
ogress's~de ogresse
tenability~tenability
Halliburton's~Halliburton de
Aramco's~ARAMCO
undercurrent's~de courant sous-jacent
zookeeper~Zookeeper
operator's~les opérateurs
Walkman's~Walkman de
weest~Weest
cortex's~cortex's
synonyms~synonymes
tripwires~fils de détente
inlaying~incrustant
cursed~cursed
inhalation~inhalation
permit~permis
airmailed~expédiés par avion
hazardously~hasardeusement
arrests~arrestations
spotters~spotters
riboflavin~riboflavine
liquefaction~liquéfaction
hatchet~hachette
Israeli~israélien
Boeotia~Béotie
womanliness~womanliness
orc~orc
Divine~Divin
robustest~robustest
subeditors~subeditors
octogenarians~octogénaires
Sacajawea~Sacajawea
Kurdistan's~Kurdistan de
Jewess~Juive
artichoke's~artichoke
buyback~racheter
rowan~sorbier des oiseleurs
mounting's~de montage
trifler's~trifler de
motocross~motocross
sportsman's~sportif de
riveted~rivé
backstories~backstories
latent~latent
anathemas~anathèmes
trap's~piège de
fishhook's~fishhook's
northerlies~northerlies
alderwoman~Echevin
proximate~proche
sheikdom~sheikdom
Maurois's~Maurois de
Jerry~Jerry
Morpheus~Morpheus
Americanisations~Americanisations
genetic~genetic
savoury~sarriette
septa~septa
uncleanliness~malpropreté
plasticity's~plasticité de
prelude's~prélude de
VHS~VHS
individuation~individuation
virtue~vertu
farewell's~farewell's
EMT~EMT
antithesis~antithèse
belies~dément
project~projet
fructify~fructify
Laud's~Laud de
copybook~copybook
girlish~girlish
June's~Juin de
stagger~échelonner
witness's~Le témoin de
hysteresis~hystérèse
Uriel~Uriel
outrage's~l'indignation de
extensions~extensions
expanded~expanded
sudsy~savonneux
chauvinistic~chauvin
overcompensated~surcompensation
interdiction~interdiction
logbook's~carnets
polyethylene~du polyéthylène
motoring~automobile
woofer~haut-parleur
Carnap's~Carnap
cheetahs~guépards
heretics~hérétiques
baking~cuisson
Latvians~lettons
infringes~viole
hulks~bagnes
epee~epee
censor~censurer
disruption~disruption
Shoshones~Shoshones
metastasised~métastasé
reprise~reprise
Okinawan~okinawan
nonresidual's~nonresidual de
singleton~singleton
whet~aiguiser
knots~noeuds
lungful~lungful
consultative~consultative
radium's~radium de
hugeness~immensité
escapade~escapade
eerie~eerie
tubbier~tubbier
barrows~tumulus
Maginot's~maginot de
Ruskin~Ruskin
mothball's~naphtaline de
point~point
Amenhotep~Amenhotep
Trobriand's~Trobriand de
brood's~couvée de
wigwags~wigwags
coincident~coïncident
Nereid~Néréide
med~med
nightclubbed~nightclubbed
refreshingly~rafraîchissante
ancestries~ascendances
morocco~Maroc
evangelist's~evangelist's
spokeswomen~interlocutrices
wallaby~wallaby
aridity~aridité
inducer's~inducer de
empirically~empirically
Nero's~Néron
pollack~lieu jaune
ETA~ETA
Dangerfield's~Dangerfield de
johnnies~johnnies
liquidiser's~liquidiser de
cantaloupes~cantaloups
nappier~Nappier
Banneker~Banneker
fowl~fowl
escargots~escargots
Wesak's~wesak de
rapped~frappai
hipster~branché
rapture's~ravissement de
looping~bouclage
floodlights~floodlights
slime~vase
soulfulness~soulfulness
mph~mph
ephemeral~ephemeral
benzine's~benzine de
uxorious~excessivement dévoué à sa femme
kaftan's~caftan de
dutiable~dutiable
epitaph~epitaph
chronic~chronique
bluepoint~point Blue
Northampton~Northampton
form~form
Ogden's~Ogden de
cruelness~cruelness
domestic's~domestic's
cucumber's~cucumber's
Dido~Dido
befalls~leur arrive
deformation~deformation
defogs~defogs
sledder's~de lugeur
bibliophile~bibliophile
Tobago~Tobago
Amado's~Amado de
scholarship~Bourse d'études
decreeing~decreeing
moonlighting~le travail au noir
appellant~appelant
marshalled~marshalé
bifurcated~bifurqué
winded~poussif
Knapp~knapp
buckyball~buckyball
dosages~dosages
Garbo~Garbo
reserving~réserver
Haas's~Haas de
Marlon's~Marlon
enfilade's~enfilade's
ingratiated~les bonnes grâces
humps~ralentisseurs
theocracies~théocraties
truths~vérités
vandalises~vandalise
cicerone~cicérone
mouthfuls~mouthfuls
Sexton~Sacristain
pimento~piment
supergrasses~repentis
chequering~quadrillage
carriageways~voies de circulation
shoehorn~chausse-pied
bleakness~tristesse
surveying's~de l'arpentage
skyline~ligne d'horizon
proselytism~prosélytisme
thanking~remerciement
provisions~des provisions
trisecting~trisection
affiancing~affiancing
bastardisation~abâtardissement
virago~virago
seriousness~gravité
broil's~broil de
novices~novices
dissensions~dissensions
appal~épouvanter
stolid~flegmatique
Olivier's~Olivier de
tubal~tubaire
Wyo~Wyo
Camemberts~camemberts
brawled~bagarrait
yips~yips
tough's~est difficile
bidet's~bidet de
foundling's~foundling's
intensification~intensification
enjambment's~enjambment's
hump's~bosse de
subeditor~secrétaire de rédaction
motivation's~La motivation de
outdoes~surpasse
gutter's~gutter's
niobium~niobium
haul~transporter
femininely~femininely
remedied~remédié
passionately~passionnément
trailing~traînant
shiftless~paresseux
hires~embauche
kidnapping~enlèvement
spires~flèches
cuttlefish~cuttlefish
catcalls~sifflements
obstructionism~obstructionnisme
bushwhackers~bushwhackers
redye~redye
upswings~phases d'expansion
haft's~haft's
narcissists~narcissiques
offset~décalage
picnicker's~pique-niqueur de
flatting~flatting
spillway's~évacuateur de
puffs~bouffées
grapefruits~grapefruits
Zarathustra's~Zarathoustra
eyeing~eyeing
DOB~date de naissance
euphony's~euphony's
transcribing~transcrivant
pears~des poires
Dem~Dem
societal~société
van~van
irregularly~irrégulièrement
powerboat~hors-bord
normalcy's~de la normalité
slatted~latté
pg~pg
fearfulness~fearfulness
Gypsies~Tsiganes
roarers~roarers
Dakotan's~Dakotan de
obliviousness's~obliviousness de
flintier~flintier
idealism~idéalisme
Aswan~Assouan
dissipation's~dissipation's
holographic~holographique
lustrously~lustrously
epidemically~epidemically
tussle's~bras de fer de
utilitarianism~utilitarisme
mandible's~mandibule de
cradle~cradle
fostered~fostered
prophetess's~prophétesse de
Moran~Moran
amperage~intensité de courant
wanderer~vagabond
animus's~de animus
Grieg~Grieg
brainless~sans cervelle
sledded~sledded
affiliations~affiliations
Wharton~Wharton
northwest's~au nord-ouest de
evilly~evilly
hollowly~sourdement
strolled~flâné
schoolgirls~écolières
tuberculin~tuberculine
alight~une lumière
glide's~glide's
undergrowth~broussailles
fall's~fall's
chemotherapy's~de la chimiothérapie
purity's~la pureté de
boons~boons
perpetuate~perpétuer
diagnostics's~diagnostics's
apse's~abside de
pantomimist's~de pantomime
megahertz~mégahertz
Jaime's~de Jaime
servery~servery
sling's~fronde de
discontinued~discontinued
poseur~poseur
Coffey~Coffey
footless~footless
industrialisation's~industrialisation de
hassock~coussin
yuppified~yuppified
superstitious~superstitieux
gimps~gimps
want's~veut
candler's~Candler de
GAO~GAO
wayfarer's~Wayfarer de
Bosnian~Bosnie
eliminations~eliminations
anapestics~anapestics
coronary's~coronary's
waxworks~personnage en cire
wigwam's~Wigwam de
blahs's~Années Blahs
Belgrade's~Belgrade de
Altamira~Altamira
violist's~altiste de
plagiarises~plagie
woodcraft's~Woodcraft de
sou'wester~suroît
hirelings~stipendiés
Harding~Harding
painlessly~sans douleur
headily~headily
wriggled~tortilla
lithograph~lithographier
shorebirds~limicoles
taramasalata~tarama
nickname's~surnom
Giotto's~Giotto
tushes~tushes
trenchermen~trenchermen
devastates~devastates
Bronson~Bronson
gabby~gabby
cleat's~taquet de
dairymaid's~dairymaid's
quarterly's~trimestriels de
hastening~hâtant
Allen~Allen
Carolyn~Carolyn
vindictive~vindicatif
occupants~occupants
gatehouses~gatehouses
connivance~connivence
spokesperson's~porte-parole de
translucently~translucide
weaselling~weaselling
curiae~curiae
kicks~coups de pied
polyhedron~polyèdre
bloodsucker's~sangsue de
Spokane's~Spokane de
Turing~turation
cybercafe~cybercafe
Mississauga~Mississauga
turnaround's~redressement de
yeti's~Années yeti
cabaret's~cabaret de
Confucius's~Confucius de
outsets~les noeuds
depot~depot
Krasnodar's~Krasnodar de
yak's~yak de
superciliousness's~de superciliousness
exclusive~exclusive
spruceness~spruceness
Michael's~Michael
abstention's~abstention de
junkyards~junkyards
motives~motifs
threescore~soixante
Nightingale's~Nightingale
dark~dark
opulence~opulence
Bolivar~Bolivar
reprimands~réprimandes
surety's~caution de
operating~en fonctionnement
Bloemfontein~Bloemfontein
jihad's~djihad de
Vladivostok's~Vladivostok de
chortles~chortles
Evelyn's~Evelyn
eructation~eructation
outflanking~débordement
example~example
Rickie's~Rickie de
due's~due's
gyp~gyp
bowleg's~jambes arquées
sentimentality's~de sentimentalisme
dissociates~dissociates
pooching~pooching
mob~foule
Maris's~Maris de
muses~muses
dopiness's~dopiness's
implementation~la mise en oeuvre
record's~Enregistrements
Browne's~Browne
discounting~discounting
aerofoils~voilures
tizzy's~tous ses états de
unionism~syndicalisme
namesakes~homonymies
Deirdre~Deirdre
choreographer's~chorégraphe de
rodeo's~rodéo de
Tortuga~Tortuga
goal~goal
bursary~bourse
Alyssa's~Alyssa
impasse~impasse
magenta's~magenta de
Young's~Young
fishmongers~fishmongers
fastness~fastness
paranoid's~de paranoïaques
Nick's~Nick
pharmacology's~pharmacologie de
Vindemiatrix~Vindemiatrix
eyeliners~eyeliners
Hiroshima~Hiroshima
sauce~sauce
heaters~dispositifs de chauffage
stroll~promenade
inevitability~inévitabilité
nurseryman's~de pépiniériste
Deandre~Deandre
gainfully~gainfully
commendation~recommandation
Mills~Mills
ATM's~ATM
Latvian's~de Lettonie
locating~localisation
Botox~Botox
sawmill's~scierie de
Germans~Allemands
plagiarisers~plagiarisers
hiding~dissimulation
electing~electing
empyrean~empyrean
parasympathetics~parasympathetics
Madison's~Madison de
deckhands~deckhands
countermand's~countermand's
herringbone's~herringbone de
remoulded~refondu
preordain~ordonner
Harvard~Harvard
snipe~bécassine
Violet~Violet
universality~universalité
legalistically~légalistes
interpretations~interprétations
copyist's~copyist's
baulking~baulking
graciousness's~graciousness's
Botticelli's~Botticelli
Frisco's~Frisco de
knottiest~knottiest
slideshows~slideshow
generics~generics
gerunds~gerunds
sublease's~de sous-location
murderers~meurtriers
Zr~Zr
milquetoast's~milquetoast de
cloaks~capes
convoy~convoy
sinfulness~pécheresse
sawmills~Scieries
mousetrap's~souricière de
horsewhipping~horsewhipping
superpower's~superpuissance de
Kikuyu's~Kikuyu de
refiner~raffineur
bumped~endommager
commensurate~commensurable
roaches~cafards
Juvenal~Juvenal
legibility's~la lisibilité de
rainfall's~la pluie tombe
retina~rétine
slumdog~slumdog
liberty's~la liberté de
Wilsonian~wilsonien
pollutes~pollue
Ionian's~ionienne
apposition's~de l'apposition
demobilising~demobilising
inconveniently~incommode
Leslie~Leslie
bacteriologist~bactériologiste
curl's~curl's
incapable~incapable
jumbled~embrouillé
Jayapura's~Jayapura de
Medellin~Medellin
everybody's~everybody's
pooling~mise en commun
Pentagon's~Pentagone
suspicion~soupçon
halls~halls
quadrant~quadrant
agree~se mettre d'accord
suction~succion
jail~prison
tickets~des billets
deliberately~deliberately
salivation's~de salivation
downfalls~downfalls
internal~interne
locally~localement
Wolf's~wolf
candelabrum~candélabre
mutation~mutation
greedier~greedier
warmongering's~de bellicisme
flagellate~flagellate
barrels~barils
beaut's~beaut de
RAF's~RAF
healer's~guérisseur de
inaugurations~vernissages
duenna's~duenna's
Trimurti~trimurti
haunting~hanté
monorail's~monorail de
columnar~de colonne
boaters~les plaisanciers
Serengeti~Serengeti
fanciable~fanciable
usurps~usurpe
express's~express's
undergarment~sous-vêtement
Leonel's~Leonel de
Media's~Des médias
forks~forks
homespun's~de fabrication domestique
gangrenes~gangrenes
candlelight~chandelles
QM~QM
Wren's~WREN
singsong's~chanter des chansons
whiners~pleurnichards
Kurdish~kurde
beeline's~Beeline de
Tabitha's~Tabitha
rectitude's~de rectitude
punching~perforation
teacupful~teacupful
reimposes~réimpose
Sheldon's~Sheldon
coffers~coffres
regicides~régicides
Tirol's~Tirol de
weeing~weeing
tearfully~les larmes aux yeux
supervenes~survient
gesundheit~gesundheit
revolt~révolte
water~eau
complexly~de façon complexe
brothers~frères
better's~mieux de
discussed~discussed
despoiled~despoiled
automation~automatisation
sifting~tamisage
drywall~drywall
verdantly~verdantly
noes~NoE
Exodus~Exode
lineally~en ligne directe
lutanist's~luthiste de
satiates~rassasie
excitements~excitements
snicking~snicking
chrome's~Chrome
soughing~bruissement
sociologically~sociologiquement
Addams's~Années Addams
Klee's~Klee
hollower~plus creux
satisfactory~satisfaisant
curlew's~curlew's
automobile~voiture
tutorial~Didacticiel
bovver~Bovver
Massachusetts's~Massachusetts de
Zambezi~Zambèze
cobbles~pavés
plum~prune
facsimileing~facsimileing
exchanging~exchanging
Chin's~Chin de
moires~moires
mix~mélanger
Knossos's~Années Knossos
warplane~warplane
thundercloud~nuage orageux
superimposition~surimposition
cutie's~cutie's
craps~craps
Alar's~Alar de
ducat~ducat
Mafia's~mafia de
vintage~cru
Cantrell's~Cantrell de
cobs~cobs
Sweeney's~Sweeney
organ~organe
Troilus's~Troilus de
tasselling~panicule
intention~intention
psychologists~psychologues
annotated~annotée
censuring~censure
Orr's~Orr
backpedals~backpedals
gorges~gorges
ouster's~de éviction
anomaly's~anomalie de
spirals~spirales
amoebic~amibienne
Genghis's~Années Gengis
Communion~communion
swattered~swattered
basically~en gros
intersessions~intersessions
strategist's~stratège de
dancing~dancing
reproofs~répréhensions
twit's~de twit
luridness~luridness
bunt's~bunt de
alkyds~alkydes
sogginess's~de sogginess
acclimatisation's~acclimatement de
erecting~erecting
Pecos~Pecos
Cardenas's~Années Cardenas
mumbletypeg~mumbletypeg
squadron~escadron
Rasputin's~Raspoutine de
Rosetta~Rosetta
Yuletide's~Yuletide de
reciprocated~un mouvement alternatif
reexplains~reexplains
Broadway~Broadway
archdiocesan~archidiocésain
PW~PW
inundated~inondé
Norbert's~Norbert de
sequestrations~séquestres
backstair~backstair
hearty's~de copieux
Dewayne~Dewayne
appellation~appellation
lobbied~fait pression
gratification's~gratification's
Guadalquivir~Guadalquivir
numeracy~numératie
Ameslan~Ameslan
expert's~expert's
affirmed~a affirmé
cuff's~cuff's
huckster's~de bonimenteur
revaluing~revalorisation
Liberian's~Libéria de
preciosity~préciosité
Negev~Néguev
bergs~bergs
feat~feat
rickety~rachitique
whitewall's~murs blancs
paradigm~paradigme
turbine's~turbine de
alligator's~alligator de
dogleg~dogleg
Tonto's~Tonto de
dreads~dreads
tantra's~Tantra de
insures~Assure
reechoes~reechoes
retrieval~récupération
antibody~anticorps
excess~excess
leech~sangsue
shim's~shim de
Shauna's~Shauna de
crupper~crupper
dirtily~dirtily
emulsifiers~emulsifiers
toadyism~flagornerie
reality~réalité
Graves's~Graves de
conservators~conservateurs
penology~pénologie
snowing~chute de neige
bitching~bitching
unfairness's~iniquité de
Moliere~Molière
crowfoots~crowfoots
cyclist's~cyclist's
genomics~genomics
Hernandez's~Hernandez de
superabundant~surabondant
soundproofing's~insonorisation de
Caxton~Caxton
subtending~sous-tendant
persuasions~persuasions
enraged~enraged
exculpation~exculpation
incorporation's~l'incorporation de
abstains~abstienne
capered~cabriolé
censer~encensoir
aberration's~aberration de
dame~dame
semifinals~demi finales
solitaries~solitaires
Ernst~Ernst
fictionalise~fictionalise
aside's~à part de
Ishtar~Ishtar
telephonists~téléphonistes
Clotho~Clotho
bro's~bro de
Louisville's~Louisville de
overt~déclaré
Nahuatl's~nahuatl de
vassals~vassales
fingerprints~fingerprints
bonking~bonking
childminders~nourrices
waggle's~Années Waggle
bespangled~bespangled
tutor's~tuteur de
wiretapping's~de l'écoute électronique
bannock's~bannique de
riveter~riveter
commitment's~L'engagement
locksmith~serrurier
universal~universel
NAACP's~NAACP de
humpback~à bosse
Ibadan~Ibadan
lopsidedly~guingois
boaster's~de gloriole
Brownsville~Brownsville
erupting~erupting
jailer's~de geôlier
galley's~galley's
foreigners~foreigners
concreted~bétonnée
fazing~fazing
facials~facials
bush's~Bush
fabled~fabled
sprightly~vif
overexcite~surexciter
payslip~fiche de paie
collaborator's~collaborateur de
flossiest~flossiest
animist's~animiste de
Rita~Rita
stockpot's~de faitout
pennyworth~pour un penny
armourer~armurier
variety's~variété de
Dinah~Dinah
seamstress~couturière
Deloris~Deloris
shill's~Shill de
overlarge~overlarge
Jacquelyn~Jacquelyn
lasted~a duré
catechists~catéchètes
hippodrome's~de l'hippodrome
Wiesenthal's~Wiesenthal de
discouragements~discouragements
pummelling~pummeling
resistible~résistible
edict's~edict's
borehole~forage
atwitter~atwitter
mfg~Mfg
castling~roque
rightwards~vers la droite
airfreight's~fret aérien de
shorelines~rivages
striding~à grands pas
warbler's~fauvette
Whitehorse's~Whitehorse de
shrub's~arbuste de
singling~singulariser
planetary~planétaire
wayside~bord de la route
Annabelle's~Annabelle
flatiron's~flatiron's
unburdening~délestage
pretences~semblants
obsequies~obsèques
facecloth's~facecloth's
reignite~relancer
button's~boutons
parliaments~parlements
Advents~avènements
Rn~rn
Afrikaans~afrikaans
Bangalore~Bangalore
gormandises~gormandises
superintendents~surintendants
Luddites~luddites
togs's~Années Togs
technetium's~de technétium
helm~barre
patronymics~patronymiques
mirrored~miroir
exporter's~exporter's
hypnotherapy's~de hypnothérapie
Chandrasekhar~Chandrasekhar
deputised~deputised
patsies~patsies
imaginable~imaginable
gillion~gillion
schoolkids~schoolkids
palefaces~Visages Pâles
racy~plein de verve
antimony~antimoine
criminal's~criminal's
assize~décision de justice
Jarred's~de Jarred
zillions~zillions
Lubbock's~Lubbock de
wind~vent
exterminators~exterminators
slippers~chaussons
sixteenth's~seizième de
Ozark~Ozark
Virginian~Virginian
dealer~dealer
customarily~customarily
Plexiglases~Plexiglases
cosy~cosy
shrimp's~crevettes
Botswana's~Botswana de
sweet~doux
bourgeoisie~bourgeoisie
lawn~pelouse
clown~pitre
East's~Années Est
wellington~wellington
Podgorica's~Podgorica de
St~St
formalism's~formalism's
humid~humide
creators~creators
counterattack~counterattack
confiscated~confisqué
trappers~piégeurs
love's~L'amour est
myrmidons~Myrmidons
doubtfulness's~doubtfulness's
hearing~audition
allot~attribuer
retract~se rétracter
catamarans~catamarans
Cote's~Cote de
shined~resplendi
thereabouts~environ
Simone's~Simone
simplifies~simplifie
neptunium's~de neptunium
togs~fringues
forte~forte
plague~peste
overstaffed~en sureffectif
anticyclonic~anticyclonique
thyroid~thyroïde
Ptah's~Ptah de
tween~tween
inert~inerte
tors~TdR
Poe's~Poe
Terence~Terence
Taylor~Taylor
bade~bade
deconstruction~deconstruction
graduates~graduates
misogynist's~misogynes de
waster~dépensier
merchantman's~de navire marchand
stuttering~bégaiement
excreta~excreta
moth's~Années papillon
gaudiest~gaudiest
nymphomania's~nymphomanie de
puckishly~puckishly
nets~filets
forge~forge
cataloguer's~de catalogueur
forthcoming's~forthcoming's
adored~adorés
untruths~contrevérités
shipowner~armateur
hypnoses~hypnoses
hellishness~hellishness
refereeing~arbitrage
reportorial~reportorial
alumna's~Ancienne élève des années
thrash's~thrash de
Casey's~Casey
floods~floods
shipyard's~chantier de
onerously~onéreusement
deffest~deffest
decompress~decompress
ovum~ovule
stairway~escalier
arses~ânes
hazings~brimades
servant~serviteur
aplomb's~de l'aplomb
lungs~poumons
cheddar~Cheddar
Fernando's~Fernando de
dissects~dissects
doubleheader~doubleheader
radiotherapy~radiothérapie
vulgarising~vulgariser
encephalitic~encephalitic
juxtaposes~juxtapose
McCullough~McCullough
forestry~forestry
Provencal's~provençale de
untended~untended
destroyer's~destroyer's
game's~game's
quicksand~sables mouvants
suede~suède
trots~trotte
paginated~paginé
minuteness's~ténuité de
fluoresces~fluoresces
manganese's~manganèse de
attaches~attache
Varanasi~Varanasi
glamorous~glamorous
thermoplastic~thermoplastique
heavyweight~poids lourd
tingeing~teinter
fireplugs~fireplugs
brilliant~brillant
pardoner's~de pardonneur
piccalilli~piccalilli
cyberbully~cyberbully
qwerty~azerty
payrolls~livres de paie
outdraw~Outdraw
inch~pouce
niggard~avare
curlicuing~curlicuing
burglar's~cambrioleur de
roadrunner~Roadrunner
carrying~portant
sandwich's~Sandwich de
delegated~delegated
echelons~echelons
exceeding~exceeding
lush's~de luxuriants
Jeannine~Jeannine
playgoer~amateur de théâtre
brainchildren's~Années brainchildren
Ginsburg~Ginsburg
Humphreys~Humphreys
japes~japes
hacksaw~hacksaw
plebeian~plébéien
Sadducee's~sadducéen de
bridegrooms~jeunes mariés
seceding~faire sécession
mountain's~montagne de
lithography's~lithographie de
predators~prédateurs
neoclassicism's~Années néoclassicisme
cereal~céréale
quotability's~de citabilité
backcomb~backcomb
acumen~perspicacité
schoolhouse's~école de
Scorpio~Scorpion
Byers~Byers
evaporation~evaporation
dosimeters~dosimeters
salivating~saliver
foolhardiness~foolhardiness
reproduce~reproduire
aquavit's~aquavit de
ideology~idéologie
postbox~boîte aux lettres
thwacking~thwacking
robbed~volé
perk~Perk
hearses~corbillards
continuities~continuities
sleaze~sleaze
stock~Stock
singletree's~singletree de
invocation's~invocation de
inseam~inseam
captivity~captivité
purveying~purveying
broad~vaste
overjoy~overjoy
poser~poseur
Jamaal~Jamaal
cleanings~nettoyages
resale~la revente
corralling~corralling
Foosball's~Foosball de
spew's~crachent de
belligerency's~de belligérance
priory's~du prieuré
signora~signora
Velveeta's~de Velveeta
tailgaters~tailgaters
Bavaria's~Bavière de
militiamen~miliciens
bulrush~jonc
Cotton's~Cotton
fortifiers~fortifiers
daftness's~daftness's
mirier~mirier
Keenan's~Keenan
fowling~fowling
josher~josher
toddler's~enfant en bas âge de
marketer's~commercialisation de
uncertainties~incertitudes
crevasse's~crevasse's
online~en ligne
Maurice~Maurice
epic~epic
chg~CHG
shanghai~shanghai
Nigel~Nigel
Murrumbidgee~Murrumbidgee
accessions~adhésions
fictionalisation's~fictionalisation's
lymphatic~lymphatique
flowery~flowery
prescriptively~prescriptive
quiche's~quiche de
imitative~imitatif
brigade~Brigade
Ward~quartier
mi~mi
chipolata~chipolata
dermatologists~dermatologists
computational~de calcul
Jensen~Jensen
buckles~boucles
Harris~Harris
joggles~adents
Donatello's~Donatello
lessen~réduire
invalidation~annulation
redoubt~redoute
highbrow~intellectuel
Iroquois's~Iroquois de
shrapnel's~des éclats d'obus de
Parkinson's~Parkinson
cosily~cosily
caucuses~caucus
headroom~hauteur
desirableness~desirableness
admixed~en mélange
Manasseh's~Manassé
statelessness's~de l'apatridie
toddle's~de trottiner
poem's~Le poème de
shortens~raccourcit
cockeyed~qui louche
semibreves~semibreves
survived~survécu
Sikhs~sikhs
withholds~des retenues
reprocesses~retraiter
sophists~sophistes
scary~effrayant
aniline~aniline
stopgap's~pis-aller de
borrower's~emprunteur de
pledging~mise en gage
trampolines~trampolines
mammies~mammies
Valois's~Valois de
pockmarks~pockmarks
disavowal~disavowal
amethyst's~Années améthyste
watershed's~bassin hydrologique
bistro's~bistrots
shrieking~hurlement
Giza's~Giza de
symbioses~symbioses
snarkiest~snarkiest
gadolinium's~gadolinium's
secularise~laïciser
Georgetown's~Georgetown de
xxx~xxx
fests~fests
LED~LED
Clouseau~Clouseau
thriftless~imprévoyant
kibbutz~kibboutz
exaggerations~exaggerations
dumped~dumped
upping~Upping
reinfecting~réinfecter
Kuwait's~Koweït de
dehumanises~dehumanises
destination~destination
spreadsheet~tableur
monthlies~règles
gouger~gouger
remasters~remasters
perjurer~parjure
commiserations~commisération
discouragingly~discouragingly
cyst's~cyst's
coincidence's~coïncidence de
painlessness's~indolence de
lemmings~lemmings
ifs~ifs
titter~gloussement
Kempis's~Kempis de
analgesics~analgésiques
prerequisites~conditions préalables
base's~de la base
invoicing~facturation
fricasseed~fricasseed
Cartesian's~de cartésiennes
pitted~dénoyauté
swayback~repousser
pocketknife's~de couteau de poche
sheenier~sheenier
trapezium~trapèze
polished~brillant
bugles~clairons
uncouthly~uncouthly
cyclamen~cyclamen
Medici~Medici
individuate~individualiser
moves~se déplace
Dona's~Dona de
batsman's~de batteur
staplers~agrafeuses
Evan~Evan
pivots~pivots
swooshed~swooshed
stunning~étourdissant
entices~entices
phoneme's~phonème de
oesophagus~œsophage
ma'am~madame
combatant's~combattant de
lbw~IPN
Miranda~Miranda
prophesied~prophétisé
collie's~collie de
mires~bourbiers
mono's~mono de
lithographer's~lithographe de
overdependent~trop dépendant
loom's~métier de
unassumingly~unassumingly
jolly's~joyeux de
Mayflower~Fleur de mai
midnight's~minuit de
Bushido~Bushido
trustingly~avec confiance
scour~parcourir
wearer~porteur
accruing~courus
initiative's~initiative de
detour~detour
hotplates~assiettes chaudes
bactericides~bactéricides
finickiest~finickiest
guffawed~guffawed
Sprite's~sprite de
Angara~Angara
orthopaedics~orthopédie
Pavlova's~Pavlova de
jollier~jollier
compactor's~compacteur de
varsity~université
casualness's~de désinvolture
Redeemer's~Rédempteur de
extremism's~extremism's
confirmation~confirmation
squash~écraser
surreptitiousness's~surreptitiousness de
sanatorium's~de sanatorium
mutilator~mutilateur
Rogelio~Rogelio
plainclothes~en civil
overgeneralised~overgeneralised
Renaissances~renaissances
lifebelts~bouées de sauvetage
periphrasis's~Années périphrase
comfortingly~comfortingly
flagrantly~flagrantly
Millicent~Millicent
Budweiser's~Budweiser de
Monaco's~Monaco de
egocentric's~egocentric's
bipartisanship's~du bipartisme
Becky~Becky
fleece's~fleece's
dependently~dependently
quietest~le plus silencieux
custodial~custodial
homburgs~Homburgs
oldness's~oldness de
flattering~flattering
vireos~viréos
Pd~Pd
sign~signe
Monet's~Monet
waste's~de déchets
Louisianan's~louisianaise de
gullets~gullets
phantasmagorical~fantasmagorique
warren~garenne
charcoal's~charbon de
derail~derail
anger~colère
Rubaiyat~rubaiyat
rotisserie's~Rôtisserie de
tempest~tempête
boxes~des boites
surliness~maussaderie
playlist's~playlist de
headquarters's~siège de
touchiest~plus délicate
severest~sévère
Cryptozoic~Cryptozoic
interlines~interlignes
scarcest~plus rare
Barrie~Barrie
overdevelops~overdevelops
allies~alliés
embossed~embossed
accusatory~accusatoire
farsightedness's~farsightedness's
timelines~échéanciers
prelate's~prélat de
gent's~gent's
Kaunas's~Kaunas de
bathmats~tapis de bain
surplussing~surplussing
doubting~doubting
stabiliser's~stabilisateur de
perpetrated~perpétrée
righting~redressable
positing~postulant
Westminster~Westminster
McGowan~McGowan
impracticably~impraticable
solidi~solidi
holograph~holographe
firmness~firmness
refuge~refuge
Mercer's~Mercer
Saki~Saki
Estrada's~Estrada de
Crisco~Crisco
tactic's~tactique
Maximilian's~Maximilien
bawdier~bawdier
waterboarding~waterboarding
Romanov's~Romanov
experience~experience
rt~rt
resizing~redimensionnement
VI~VI
rusks~biscottes
unscientifically~non scientifique
trows~trows
grime~grime
Hahn~Hahn
candlers~Candlers
Assad~Assad
generousness~generousness
Omaha~Omaha
stabilisation's~la stabilisation de
backdating~antidatage
small's~petits de
mung~mungo
part~partie
ineffable~ineffable
chlamydias~chlamydias
Methodism's~méthodisme de
production's~la production de
invincible~invincible
Vlaminck~Vlaminck
gambler's~gambler's
Norman's~Norman
eiders~eiders
fourthly~fourthly
hackers~hackers
polyclinic's~de policlinique
cedes~CEDES
Indians~Indiens
vitiating~viciant
osculation~baiser
intoning~entonnait
dignity~dignity
Klingon's~Klingon de
garrets~garrets
yelp's~jappement de
duped~duped
kilobyte's~de kilooctet
Jedi's~Jedi de
ken's~ken de
glimpse~glimpse
drolleries~drolleries
curvaceous~curvaceous
mopes~mopes
debunking~debunking
vase~vase
recognised~reconnu
woeful~triste
scrim's~Années Scrim
stabs~poignarde
relatedness~apparentement
inboard's~à l'intérieur de
Arizonian~arizonian
cue's~cue's
spasm's~de spasmes
Colombia~Colombie
subterfuge's~de subterfuges
floppiest~floppiest
snootily~snootily
commitments~engagements
factoring~factoring
streaker~streaker
pagan~païen
electrician's~electrician's
hogan~hogan
focusing~focusing
kinds~types
houselights's~Années houselights
tinkerer~tinkerer
Finch's~Finch de
depreciation's~depreciation's
Nehru~Nehru
PRO~PRO
ribbons~rubans
Griffith~Griffith
consistory~consistoire
Manchu~Manchu
defogged~defogged
Norman~normand
unprofessional~peu professionnel
Gog~Gog
plaice~plie
arbitrage~arbitrage
Qantas's~qantas de
balcony~balcon
kronor~couronnes suédoises
weediest~espèce la plus nuisible
nucleation's~nucléation de
cosmically~cosmically
besides~outre
gyroscope~gyroscope
inhabiting~habitant
Alighieri's~Alighieri
slayer's~tueur de
befalling~affligent
devastatingly~devastatingly
desired~desired
labile~labile
prancingly~prancingly
scraggy~décharné
denaturing~denaturing
culminated~culminated
dressiness's~dressiness's
dialling~dialling
radiographer~radiologue
gastronomically~gastronomically
puerperal~puerpéral
ornateness's~de ornateness
Jerseys~Maillots
coddles~Coddles
delis~delis
flurry~flurry
determinant's~determinant's
stroller's~poussette de
frightened~frightened
leukaemia's~de la leucémie
sootiest~sootiest
nonagenarians~nonagénaires
trustworthy~digne de confiance
shove~pousser
torment's~tourment de
coarsely~grossièrement
strategic~stratégique
Jutland~Jutland
Horton's~Horton
assails~assaille
Jessica's~de Jessica
Woolongong's~Woolongong de
gala~gala
airstrike~raid aérien
aberration~aberration
surefooted~au pied sûr
conglomerations~conglomérations
togged~togged
umber's~Années umbra
gulled~gulled
welt's~passepoilées de
royal's~royal de
reflex~réflexe
built~construit
cabinetmaker's~de cabinetmaker
mime's~mime de
oddities~bizarreries
extractions~extractions
Lenin's~Lénine
slam's~Chelem
Nokia~Nokia
sag's~affaissement de
craziness~craziness
histology's~histologie de
newsgirls~newsgirls
binding~contraignant
Homer~Homère
unfolding~déploiement
courtesy~courtesy
Coy's~de Coy
costliness~costliness
cottoned~cottoned
toga~toge
Bridger~Bridger
ship's~navires
creaming~creaming
gussying~gussying
hyperglycemia~hyperglycémie
wham~pan
vault's~coffres
chums~chums
bibliography's~bibliographie
mute~muet
ineptitude~ineptie
individualisation~individualiser
poising~poising
ambulation~ambulation
underhandedly~sous-main
toking~fumer un joint
veered~viré
adverb's~les adverbes
infernal~infernal
anacondas~anacondas
disinfectant~disinfectant
gusty~gusty
walruses~morses
Ghazvanid~Ghazvanid
spade~bêche
ceremony's~cérémonie de
argued~argumenté
turnstiles~tourniquets
experimenting~experimenting
Anita's~Anita
larch's~mélèze de
kicked~coups de pied
embalms~embalms
decorations~decorations
citadel's~citadelle de
flywheel's~flywheel's
sootier~sootier
interrelating~interrelation
bipartisanship~bipartisme
bandier~Bandier
recorder~enregistreur
extroversion's~extroversion's
Mallory's~Mallory
Edwardian's~Années édouardienne
gutsy~gutsy
Moliere's~Molière
liquor~alcool
shipboards~shipboards
halfback~halfback
pursers~Pursers
honing~honing
chink~fente
Barth's~Barth
stiletto~stylet
contoured~contoured
pouf~Pouf
salving~salving
freethinking's~freethinking's
intricate~complexe
smallholding~petite ferme
falter's~falter's
Petrarch~Pétrarque
Lome's~Lomé de
barge's~barge de
fogginess~fogginess
tomographic~tomographique
solubles~solubles
plaintiffs~plaignants
outclassing~surclassement
Aquafresh~Aquafresh
Francine~Francine
Marquita~Marquita
steelier~steelier
cruised~cruised
egret's~egret's
financier~financier
damming~damming
dentine's~dentine's
Forrest~Forrest
greenest~greenest
disingenuous~disingenuous
espalier's~espalier's
entitlement's~entitlement's
attentively~avec attention
Japs~Japs
rats~les rats
agitation's~l'agitation de
O'Higgins's~O'Higgins de
gumbo~gumbo
voodooism~vaudou
malevolent~malveillant
Kristen's~Kristen de
dabbles~dabbles
autocrats~autocrates
chick~poussin
perpetuals~perpetuals
scantness's~de scantness
canopy's~années canopée
wasteful~gaspilleur
stamped~timbré
Dexter~Dexter
Tokay's~Tokay de
reproducing~reproduction
excursion~excursion
library~bibliothèque
gaucher~gaucher
Sally's~Sally
passageways~passages
Fulani's~Années peuls
Lucius's~Lucius
stomachaches~maux d'estomac
Lenard's~Lenard de
Baguio~Baguio
heptathlons~heptathlons
violence~la violence
atrophied~atrophié
Normans~normans
preventative's~prévention de
alumina~alumine
classics~classiques
monsignor's~Monsignor de
certainty~certitude
contritely~contritely
flexibility's~flexibility's
vinous~vineux
recital's~récital de
housecleaned~housecleaned
putrefied~putréfié
glutinous~glutinous
bole's~bole de
rains~des pluies
value~valeur
cheered~acclamée
erectness's~erectness's
Nigeria's~du Nigeria
discord's~discord's
villein's~manant de
Teresa's~Teresa
graybeard's~graybeard's
Romney~Romney
Adas~Adas
clocks~horloges
Marquez's~Marquez de
Dadaism~dadaïsme
coitus's~coït de
troubleshooter~dépanneur
impoverishment's~appauvrissement de
Gil's~Gil de
glace~glace
wreck~épave
antipathy's~antipathie de
tunefully~mélodieusement
lazes~Lazes
Damon~Damon
millinery's~chapellerie de
timberline's~Timberline de
Reyna~Reyna
belabours~belabours
fishnet~fishnet
leaper~Leaper
unabridgeds~unabridgeds
electroencephalography's~electroencephalography's
porpoise's~marsouin de
appreciator's~de appréciateur
Confucius~Confucius
shareware's~shareware de
palmetto~palmier nain
arbitrarily~arbitrairement
emphasises~emphasises
Maurine~Maurine
arseholes~arseholes
aigrettes~aigrettes
ornate~très orné
awakens~éveille
pennon's~fanon de
Ham's~Ham de
revolve~tourner
sharia~sharia
Faustus~Faustus
distinctiveness~distinctiveness
sterilise~stériliser
ring's~anneaux
figurine~figurine
Hyundai~Hyundai
instituters~instituters
pheasant's~faisan
scurrilousness~scurrilousness
miscounts~erreur de comptage
pool~piscine
deckchair~deckchair
presorting~tri préalable
ogling~reluquer
scabbard's~de fourreau
recommends~recommande
Goering's~Goering de
eights~eights
sleepiness's~de la somnolence
Jacqueline's~Jacqueline
grizzlier~grizzlier
chatter's~bavardage de
expanse~expanse
streamlines~rationalise
silvering~argenture
voltage's~tension de
Wilhelmina~Wilhelmina
maternity's~maternité de
grossest~grossest
pleated~plissé
coffin~cercueil
kneading~pétrissage
doubt's~doubt's
negotiate~négocier
cabbages~choux
Swaziland~Swaziland
distress~distress
coolest~coolest
dullness~dullness
delouse~delouse
seismological~sismologique
vectors~vecteurs
patted~tapoté
undocumented~sans papiers
reservedness~reservedness
latitude's~de latitude sud
sweatshirt's~sweat
surgeons~chirurgiens
Lutheranism~luthéranisme
mine~mien
whitest~whitest
wheedling~câlin
thudded~battait
seawards~vers la mer
Visa's~Visa de
nod's~signe de tête de
terrines~terrines
hiding's~cache
grim~grim
signal's~le signal de
affirmation~affirmation
instant's~est instantané
interpolating~interpoler
acid's~de l'acide
confabulating~fabulait
insultingly~insolemment
trip's~voyages
holdover~les durées d'efficacité
smacks~claques
Michele's~Michele de
inductions~inductions
ermine's~ermine's
seaplane's~de hydravions
lamplighter's~Lamplighter de
rewards~récompenses
paciest~paciest
touchpaper~Touchpaper
rubberneckers~badauds
buckboards~buckboards
responsibly~responsable
relabelling~réétiquetage
trilogies~trilogies
picturesqueness's~de pittoresque
drowses~drowses
egress's~egress's
methodical~méthodique
manana's~manana de
evacuee~evacuee
anaerobes~anaérobies
dammed~dammed
Sorbonne~Sorbonne
mistreatment~mauvais traitements
flagella~flagella
blearier~blearier
Opel's~Opel de
windsurfs~planches à voile
conversions~conversions
participated~participé
db~db
escalator~escalator
voyeuristic~voyeurisme
matchlock~fusil à mèche
flatland's~flatland's
deskill~deskill
bleat's~de bêlement
Risorgimento~Risorgimento
exhorting~exhorting
absolving~absolvant
Daimler~Daimler
poppadoms~poppadoms
glibbest~glibbest
Edna~Edna
reckon~compter
homes~maisons
refractory's~réfractaire de
inductee~intronisé
goblins~goblins
Rickenbacker~Rickenbacker
overshadows~éclipsent
Renee~Renee
aborigine's~Années Aborigène
PASCAL~PASCAL
transistorise~transistorisé
strafed~mitraillée
dialysis~dialysis
webisodes~webisodes
playfellows~compagnons de jeu
chemically~chimiquement
Mercedes~Mercedes
fauvism's~fauvism's
casabas~casabas
Catalina~Catalina
copulates~copulates
freakishness~freakishness
Klee~Klee
congressperson~congressperson
underwrite~souscrire
marzipan's~Années massepain
ooze's~suintent de
postulating~postulant
decontaminates~decontaminates
waviest~waviest
Appomattox~Appomattox
remuneration~rémunération
warlords~seigneurs de la guerre
declamation~declamation
Springfield's~Springfield de
triplex's~triplex de
overzealous~excès de zèle
diabetic's~diabetic's
laceration~lacération
tapered~fuselé
Polly's~Polly
instance's~instances
polyandry~polyandrie
hopelessness~désespoir
Kisangani~Kisangani
authoress's~de authoress
espies~espies
melodiously~mélodieusement
redirection~redirection
staining~tachant
toll's~péages
whitings~merlans
dactylic~dactylic
rheumatic~rhumatismal
reinfections~réinfections
niggaz~négros
thunderstorms~des orages
shrugging~haussant les épaules
initiator's~initiateur de
convening~convening
Navratilova~Navratilova
phoneying~phoneying
shirrs~shirrs
undersign~undersign
underpaid~sous-payés
typographically~typographiquement
shortage's~de pénurie
Guerrero's~Guerrero de
runtier~runtier
dissuaded~dissuaded
goosebumps's~goosebumps's
Arno~Arno
Torres~Torres
anyplace~n'importe où
shame's~la honte de
Hunspell~hunspell
authoritativeness's~de authoritativeness
subsidies~subventions
Liverpudlian~Liverpudlian
indoctrinating~endoctriner
scapular~scapulaire
telex~télex
calibre's~calibre de
drumlin's~drumlin's
pony~poney
abase~humilier
tablespoonful's~cuillerée à soupe de
Portugal's~Portugal de
pursuer~poursuivant
loudness's~volume de
capillaries~capillaires
servitude's~de la servitude
Bernays's~Années Bernays
chronicling~chronique
soluble~soluble
serpent~serpent
tinderboxes~poudrières
unsympathetically~antipathique
corporals~corporals
categorising~catégoriser
ridges~crêtes
rattletrap's~guimbarde de
Baku~Bakou
anaesthetic's~de l'anesthésie
dogcatchers~dogcatchers
leprechaun's~lutin de
epicentre's~epicentre's
gravest~gravest
Ecuadorans~Équatoriens
womanhood~féminité
conjunctivitis~conjonctivite
petrel~pétrel
moonlighted~moonlighted
ballad's~ballade de
poetry~poésie
Pfizer's~PFIZER
bandleader~chef de groupe
sociology~sociologie
drumstick~drumstick
turmoils~turmoils
millet's~millet
Sebastian~Sebastian
watchband's~watchband de
shaggiest~shaggiest
sousaphones~Sousaphones
gyp's~gyp's
fixating~fixating
mycology~mycologie
Taiwanese~taïwanaise
boyhood's~années d'enfance
dandies~dandies
parimutuels~parimutuels
asterisks~astérisques
ragas~ragas
winker's~winker de
molestation~attentat à la pudeur
moodiness's~sautes d'humeur de
deskilled~deskilled
fuchsia's~fuchsia's
Knievel's~Knievel de
proletarian's~de prolétariennes
ducky's~ducky's
yaw~embardée
sketcher's~Sketcher de
taffy~bonbon
zealotry's~de zealotry
Scientology~Scientologie
ratifier~pays ayant ratifié
Y's~Y de
Kilauea's~Kilauea de
Spain~Espagne
propulsion's~propulsion de
Stravinsky's~Stravinsky
Herod~Hérode
laughs~des rires
celebration's~célébrations
Lissajous's~de Lissajous
munches~munches
sprite~lutin
recolonising~recoloniser
silkscreen's~sérigraphies de
Ats~Ats
whim's~caprices
overhasty~hâtif
hero~héros
bequeathed~léguée
imperatives~impératifs
fishwife~fishwife
cabala's~Cabala de
pusillanimously~lâchement
trolley~chariot
invariability's~de invariabilité
specifics~détails
macaw's~ara de
submersion~submersion
vaguely~vaguement
pranks~farces
igneous~igné
answerphone~répondeur
acceptation~acception
headset's~casque de
decipherable~decipherable
Lapland~Laponie
Hibernia~Hibernia
conniver~conniver
exudation's~exudation's
trumped~forgées de toutes pièces
hastily~hâtivement
divot~divot
commute~commuer
leotard's~de justaucorps
triangulation~triangulation
character~personnage
buttons~boutons
tool~outil
disaffiliating~disaffiliating
impressions~impressions
pragmatic's~de pragmatiques
brunet~brunet
chivalry~chevalerie
bandstand's~kiosque à musique de
stipulation~stipulation
short~court
Ra's~Ras
David's~David
taxpayer~contribuable
horsepower's~chevaux de
Westphalia's~Westphalie de
infinity's~infini de
majestic~majestueux
munition's~munitions
first~first
mismanages~gère mal
profuse~abondant
glisters~glisters
egregiousness~egregiousness
backslide~récidiver
edifice's~edifice's
plover~pluvier
robocalled~robocalled
penchant's~penchant de
shadow's~ombres
cellist~violoncelliste
magazine~magazine
enlistee~enlistee
rattans~rotins
bogs~tourbières
smocks~Robe de chambre
kinetic~cinétique
Vegemite's~Vegemite de
inflection's~inflexion de
beloveds~beloveds
folk's~folk's
slipcases~étuis de protection
optometrist's~optométristes de
comprises~comprend
cornflowers~cornflowers
Foreman~chef d'équipe
Beretta~Beretta
plantation's~de plantation
condiment's~condiment de
cellular's~cellulaire de
paddock~paddock
historically~historiquement
bestriding~enfourchait
theremins~theremins
slipstreams~diffuse
cementer~cementer
profiteering~profiteurs
malevolence's~de malevolence
eventuate~eventuate
floodwaters~floodwaters
caterwauls~caterwauls
milder~plus doux
reconnoitred~des reconnaissances
subteen's~Années subteen
unlikelihood's~de improbabilité
unfeigned~sincère
spinsterish~vieille fille
marimba~marimba
crippleware~crippleware
mainly~principalement
recidivism's~la récidive de
erasure~erasure
Mallory~Mallory
Johann~Johann
mallet's~maillet de
discard~discard
Andorran's~andorran de
roosters~roosters
epistemological~epistemological
modulator~modulateur
office's~des bureaux
frogging~frogging
massiveness~massivité
thieve~voler
dinky's~dinky's
Dallas~Dallas
truncation's~troncature de
sleeted~sleeted
indicative~indicatif
Tabasco's~Tabasco de
dissecting~dissecting
criminalises~criminalises
delineates~delineates
Bonn~Bonn
steppingstones~tremplins
leftist's~gauchiste de
donors~donors
inertly~inertement
lunacy's~de la folie
custodian~custodian
dinner's~dinner's
Calvin's~Calvin
YMHA~YMHA
oversleeps~oversleeps
Eric's~Eric de
burled~ronce
vacate~quitter
Bodhidharma~Bodhidharma
vaporised~vaporisée
microcosm~microcosme
Facebook~Facebook
jousts~joutes
bulwark~rempart
wheezing~sifflante
sicklier~chétifs
ergs~ergs
bombings~attentats à la bombe
Providences~providences
Dominick's~Dominick de
observatory's~observatoire de
requirement's~exigences
suppressants~suppresseurs
astuter~astuter
handbag's~handbag's
moue~moue
Geller~Geller
apprise~informer
rouses~Rouses
welcomed~accueilli
Barranquilla's~Barranquilla de
snarky~snarky
goulash~goulash
pronged~volets
wisecracked~wisecracked
Gacrux's~Gacrux de
holing~holing
quarrelsomeness~querelleur
pedestrianised~rue piétonne
detractors~detractors
semitone~demi-ton
concerto~concerto
manifolding~COPIER
Lea's~Lea de
inland~intérieur
scaffolding's~de l'échafaudage
keystones~claveaux
cider's~du cidre
thorns~les épines
sublieutenants~sous-lieutenants
thespian's~années thespian
Queensland~Queensland
rake's~de râteau
helpline~service d'assistance téléphonique
humeral~humérale
unsubscribed~désabonné
psychic~psychique
incurs~encourt
bombshell~bombe
Swinburne's~Swinburne
Rhine's~Rhin de
spacious~spacieux
vertigo's~vertiges de
dilatory~dilatory
hostelers~Hostelers
serpentine~serpentin
formula's~formula's
Calcutta~Calcutta
bleeders~purgeurs
histologists~histologistes
unyielding~inflexible
hardheadedness~hardheadedness
unpeople~dépeupler
bulletproofs~bulletproofs
tutorship's~de tutelle
untidiest~untidiest
unwoven~intissé
chairperson~président
crucifying~crucifying
antigenic~antigénique
producing~la production
prognosis's~années pronostic
Rolando~Rolando
bookworm's~de Bookworm
networks~réseaux
bagginess~pochage
arteriole's~de artériole
wool~la laine
tubular~tubulaire
plotting~traçage
aplenty~profiteur
shuttlecocked~shuttlecocked
subsidence~affaissement
midnight~minuit
microscopical~microscopique
clung~accrochaient
undersea~sous-marin
benefiting~bénéficiant
frayed~frayed
mullah~mollah
careened~caréné
stillbirth's~enfant mort-né de
teakettle~teakettle
personnel's~personnel de
gutless~gutless
paddies~paddies
hocked~jarrets
bowers~tonnelles
crews~crews
nous~nous
clunky~clunky
cavaliers~Cavaliers
spellcheck's~spellcheck de
provincially~provincial
journalist~journaliste
litter's~de la litière
check~vérifier
interchanges~échanges
dottiest~dottiest
reboiling~rebouillage
libel's~de diffamation
vexatiously~vexatoire
snowsuit~combinaison de ski
Cheyenne's~Cheyenne de
lodestars~Lodestar
backpack~sac à dos
affect's~affect
fascia's~fascia's
proportioned~proportionné
locators~localisateurs
fannies~fannies
fogeys~fogeys
Libreville~Libreville
courageous~courageous
recapitulations~récapitulations
scapular's~de scapulaires
bailey~mur d'enceinte
series's~série de
exhibitionists~exhibitionists
Byzantine's~de Byzance
zucchini's~courgettes
portieres~portieres
superseding~remplaçante
Walgreen~Walgreen
sieving~tamisage
enlightened~enlightened
Inez~Inez
toners~toners
digesting~digesting
whooshed~whooshed
bedfellow~coucheur
tonsured~tonsuré
sectors~secteurs
hogans~hogans
blowlamp~chalumeau
eroticism's~eroticism's
Andean~andine
Penderecki's~Penderecki
churls~manants
hub~centre
epiglottis's~epiglottis's
hydrates~hydrates
sermonising~sermons
spruce~épicéa
melange~chiné
boondocks's~Années Boondocks
installation's~l'installation de
moray's~Moray de
Hamhung's~Hamhung de
dietetics~dietetics
Janice's~Janice
chieftainships~chefferies
endowment's~endowment's
Leach~Lixivier
relights~rallumages
unfavourably~défavorable
Revelation~Révélation
shovel's~pelle de
overshare~Overshare
mackintoshes~Mackintosh
Pyotr's~Pyotr de
spread's~se propage
pioneer's~pionnier de
instructively~magistralement
Murdoch~Murdoch
ventilated~ventilé
maternal~maternel
smothered~étouffé
matzot~matsot
Eichmann~Eichmann
Mooney's~Mooney
employed~employed
handy~handy
privation~privation
executed~executed
portrays~décrivent
cot's~cot's
Tomas~Tomas
misidentifying~erreur d'identification
ticktock~TIC Tac
provenience's~de provenience
gumption's~gumption's
Teller's~Teller de
burqas~burqas
Lila~Lilas
neon~néon
defamer~defamer
houseplant~plante d'appartement
tracheotomy's~de trachéotomie
bedazzlement~éblouissement
attraction~attraction
backseat~banquette arrière
manifestations~manifestations
sentimentally~sentimentalement
triathletes~triathlètes
cheviot~cheviot
gruffly~gruffly
polyurethane~polyuréthane
flimsiest~flimsiest
parricidal~parricide
inrushes~irruptions
elasticise~elasticise
Katmai~Katmai
removals~déménagements
centripetal~centripète
kaffeeklatch~kaffeeklatch
mobile's~mobile de
climacteric's~de climatérique
beeriest~beeriest
pyx's~Années ciboire
Haggai~Haggai
double~double
impressionists~impressionnistes
jackhammer~marteau-piqueur
shantytown~bidonville
exoplanet's~exoplanet's
neuralgic~névralgique
pastured~en pacage
extractors~extractors
putative~putatif
correspondent~correspondent
auditor's~aUDITEUR
scribe's~scribe
practicably~pratiquement
clambakes~clambakes
Pate~Crâne
Sakha~Sakha
irrigated~irriguée
perspiration's~de la transpiration
pig's~les cochons
manufacturer~fabricant
tourist~touristique
Damocles~damocles
Inuits~Inuits
tubing~tubes
embezzlement's~embezzlement's
quid~chique
instabilities~instabilités
subbranch's~Années Subbranch
slipstream's~Slipstream de
histologist's~de histologiste
categorisations~catégorisations
suppose~supposer
phalanger~phalanger
Eu~UE
fortuneteller's~fortuneteller's
exporters~exporters
abides~Abides
hibernator~hibernant
meteorologic~meteorologic
rafting~rafting
clerk~employé de bureau
commiserates~commiserates
month~mois
revolutions~révolutions
Kojak~Kojak
Golgotha~Golgotha
serfdom's~de servage
diviner~diviner
ohmmeter's~ohmmètre de
motive~motif
permitting~permettant
nonsupport~non porteuse
potentiating~potentialisation
terrifies~terrifie
walnut~noyer
Henry~Henri
admires~admire
matchsticks~julienne
telescopically~télescopiquement
dowels~dowels
Shane's~Shane
Zambians~Zambiens
groomsmen~groomsmen
biorhythm's~biorythme de
Hollis's~Années Hollis
colloq~colloq
defaces~defaces
transistorises~transistorises
eventide's~eventide's
linchpin~pivot
gizmo~gizmo
Manson's~Manson
dray's~dray's
Thimphu~Thimphu
woodcutting's~de la coupe du bois
trace~trace
alienist~aliéniste
safaried~safaried
postmodernist's~postmoderniste de
testimony~témoignage
barracuda's~barracuda de
Canaanite's~cananéenne de
conferrer~conferrer
Bridgman~Bridgman
angleworm~angleworm
belt~ceinture
brassiness~cuivrés
compulsions~compulsions
Pericles~Périclès
leathery~en cuir
stupid~stupide
unmeasured~sans mesure
manicure~manucure
undoings~undoings
dossed~dossed
regarding~En ce qui concerne
Thermopylae~Thermopyles
playgoer's~de AMATEUR
hindsight~sagesse rétrospective
snips's~Années snips
mirthfulness~Gaîté
einsteinium~einsteinium
Bi's~Bis
blessing's~la bénédiction
colourants~colorantes
Hafiz~Hafiz
tomahawk~tomahawk
Mohammedan's~mahométane de
pen's~des stylos
internationals~internationaux
retaught~retaught
reships~reships
coloured~coloré
Bridges's~ponts de
Monk's~Les moines
Corleone's~Corleone de
stodginess's~de stodginess
bourbon's~de bourbon
tar's~de goudron
tortoiseshell~écaille de tortue
Rozelle~Rozelle
Scythia's~Scythie de
standpipe~standpipe
Tartary's~Tartarie de
household's~ménages
multiplier's~multiplicateur de
narration~narration
quint~quintuplé
whensoever~toutes les fois
sultanate~sultanat
capped~plafonnés
snipe's~Snipe de
Davenport~Canapé
eaves~eaves
paraplegics~paraplégiques
Tamworth~Tamworth
breaststrokes~brasses
overpoweringly~overpoweringly
Asuncion~Asuncion
alone~seul
fungal~fungal
hindrance's~obstacle de
indistinguishable~indiscernable
Huxley's~Huxley
felting~felting
fines~fines
ought~devrait
balmiest~balmiest
greyed~greyed
warbler~fauvette
snuffboxes~tabatières
Shcharansky's~Shcharansky de
cleanses~assainit
donnybrook's~donnybrook's
thrombus~thrombus
rosy~rosé
outlay's~dépenses de
deification's~deification's
phonetician~phonéticien
Vesuvius's~Vésuve de
reoccupied~réoccupé
sagebrush's~Années armoise
tiptoe's~la pointe des pieds de
omens~présages
impulsively~par impulsion
inquirer's~enquêteur de
Whitman's~Whitman
chore~travail de routine
Mister~Monsieur
Majuro's~Majuro de
showing~projection
narcolepsy's~narcolepsie de
carriers~transporteurs
kinglier~kinglier
offs~offs
Hanover's~Hanovre de
subgroup's~du sous-groupe
England~Angleterre
bazaars~bazars
persecutions~persécutions
Selim's~Selim de
depoliticises~depoliticises
shammed~shammed
dragster~dragster
Whitsunday~Whitsunday
catboat's~de catboat
rapprochements~rapprochements
Morrow's~Morrow de
decoys~decoys
milk's~du lait
Claudio~Claudio
outlines~grandes lignes
Dollie~dollie
fissile~fissile
seamanship's~de matelotage
hazel~noisette
broilers~poulets de chair
oaken~oaken
defile~defile
imputations~imputations
contraceptive's~contraceptive's
flatfish's~flatfish's
payola~payola
stung~piqué
disaffiliation~disaffiliation
Janacek~Janacek
induction's~induction de
lifestyle's~mode de vie de
into~dans
bribed~suborné
embrocations~embrocations
unbid~non offre couleur
fumigates~fumigates
binge~bringue
thy~tes
calculative~calculatoire
languorously~langoureusement
regenerated~régénéré
sadist~sadique
folks~folks
subtracts~soustraient
rework~réusinage
conforming~conforme
individualism~individualisme
Nazisms~Nazisms
Khartoum's~Khartoum de
cambering~cambrure
Greer's~Greer
mummery's~Mummery de
shorthand~sténographie
nincompoop~cornichon
worksheet's~des feuilles de calcul
rushy~rushy
ballses~ballses
citizenship's~la citoyenneté de
Omahas~Omahas
electroscopes~electroscopes
felonious~felonious
Alicia~Alicia
Mg's~mg de
disembarkation~disembarkation
ginned~ginned
Chavez's~Chavez
bomber's~bombardier de
decommissions~decommissions
mimosa~mimosa
conduced~conduced
interrelationship~relations mutuelles
plainspoken~plainspoken
Fritz's~Fritz de
grandmotherly~grandmotherly
expounds~expounds
clickable~cliquable
groks~groks
bloke~type
Ottawa's~OTTAWA
thingamajig~thingamajig
Gypsy~gitan
requiring~exigeant
stagehand~stagehand
moron's~crétin de
gladdest~gladdest
cowardice~cowardice
powerboat's~bateau à moteur de
graphite's~graphite's
outstaying~outstaying
astuteness~astuce
Gill's~Branchies
goaltenders~goaltenders
undigested~non digéré
doctrinaires~doctrinaires
dweller~dweller
Parsifal~Parsifal
gadded~gadded
invitations~invitations
choristers~choristes
Canada's~Canada
backbones~backbones
fretted~fretted
monstrously~monstrueusement
countryman~countryman
fling~fling
epitomes~epitomes
authenticating~authentifiant
bog's~tourbière de
foreshortened~foreshortened
perforating~perforateur
antitoxins~antitoxines
camaraderie's~esprit de camaraderie de
cordovan's~cordovan's
populism's~de populisme
miscibility's~miscibilité de
incorporation~incorporation
accountable~responsable
obsoleting~obsolète
straddle's~enjambeur de
recoils~recule
antelopes~antilopes
Melisa's~Melisa de
invigorated~revigoré
gaze's~gaze's
Valenti~Valenti
clutch~Embrayage
Mounties~Mounties
beleaguer~encercler
biweekly~bihebdomadaire
deflections~deflections
prerogative~prérogative
fighter~fighter
parasite~parasite
Pythagorean's~Années pythagoriciens
Dickens~Diable
mains~secteur
princess's~PRINCESSE
remelting~refusion
accoutring~accoutring
impoverishment~appauvrissement
rutherfordium's~rutherfordium de
wondering~se demandant
mankind's~de l'humanité
purchaser's~acheteur de
Lonnie's~Lonnie de
rearrangement's~réorganisation de
humaneness's~de humaneness
Whittier~Whittier
vermicelli~vermicelle
poncing~poncing
breastplate~pectoral
Langley~Langley
pup~chiot
max's~max de
switchback~Switchback
entomology's~entomology's
kinetically~cinétiquement
windows~les fenêtres
don't~don't
mining's~l'exploitation minière de
cogitations~cogitations
syllabuses~plans d'études
kids~des gamins
variety~variété
elodea~elodea
implausibly~invraisemblablement
gentiles~gentiles
strobes~stroboscopes
Rostropovich's~Rostropovich de
lampshade's~de lampshade
seaweeds~algues
ambulate~ambulate
drinkers~drinkers
imperishable~impérissable
recited~selon
Jeffry's~Jeffry de
muezzins~muezzins
elder~elder
lampooning~satires
trilbies~trilbies
Huygens's~Années Huygens
loving~aimant
gut's~gut's
yard~cour
burgundies~bourgognes
storehouse~entrepôt
subtropical~subtropical
Horus's~Horus de
hardworking~hardworking
spacesuit's~de spacesuit
headlight~phare
Bhutto~Bhutto
milkweed~laiteron
swollen~gonflé
goner's~goner's
cardiograph's~de cardiograph
tramp~tramp
shored~étayé
mitten~mitaine
pantyhose~collants
floozy's~floozy's
Brzezinski~Brzezinski
rustling~bruissement
matinees~matinées
plenty~beaucoup
kettles~bouilloires
unclothed~sans vêtements
externalisation's~externalisation's
evilness~evilness
Englishman's~Anglais de
does~does
Gamble's~Gamble
hippies~hippies
era~era
mortician~entrepreneur de pompes funèbres
Boltzmann~Boltzmann
for~for
Behan~Behan
indenting~indenter
Ucayali's~Ucayali de
mucilage's~mucilage de
consulate~consulate
hoarded~thésaurisé
Christ~Christ
finises~finises
peevish~maussade
moralise~moralise
cobwebbed~cobwebbed
roan~rouan
sidestroke's~sidestroke de
pinprick~piqûre d'épingle
contraptions~contraptions
creativity's~creativity's
depredation's~depredation's
Aubrey~Aubrey
Crisco's~Crisco de
cosigned~cosigned
venturously~venturously
luminescence~luminescence
relate~rapporter
putters~putters
confederates~confédérés
postings~messages
cyberspaces~cyberspaces
orthodontist~orthodontiste
tramcar~tramway
Cm's~cm de
flagellum's~flagellum's
shimmying~dandinement
Morpheus's~Morpheus de
bingo~loto
lame~boiteux
garrulousness's~garrulousness's
glimpses~glimpses
triceratops's~Années triceratops
bodkin's~Bodkin de
affections~affections
collect~collecte
normality~normalité
feathers~feathers
oblate~oblat
smells~odeurs
Frankfurter~Saucisse
implementing~exécution
probability~probabilité
Mascagni~Mascagni
enhancement~enhancement
rainier~rainier
Lambert's~Lambert
fella~fella
Mobutu's~Mobutu
peaks~pics
coached~coaché
indicatives~qu'indicatifs
gargoyles~gargoyles
recharging~recharge
sway~balancement
habits~habits
mauve~mauve
unreel~dérouler
moistens~humidifie
featherless~featherless
promulgating~promulguant
boreholes~forages
cocoa's~le cacao de
suspends~suspend
expunged~expunged
clearest~la plus claire
ark's~arche de
weenier~weenier
Bahama's~Bahama
rubberise~rubberise
weatherboards~WeatherBoardsMC
obstructive~obstructif
militantly~militantly
crossbeam~crossbeam
ilea~moi Lea
appointees~nommées
haversack's~de havresac
implicates~impliquants
contract~contract
pincushion~pelote à épingles
wearisomely~wearisomely
centennially~centennially
zealousness's~de zealousness
finial~finial
Beebe~Beebe
rhinos~rhinos
legwork~travail sur le terrain
venture~entreprise
photoengraves~photoengraves
Lesseps's~Années Lesseps
hackney's~hackney's
hardliners~hardliners
beard's~barbe de
Assam's~Assam de
frugality's~frugality's
carnivorousness's~carnivorousness de
penumbras~pénombres
gratitude~gratitude
Beatrix~Beatrix
fiefs~fiefs
basilisk~basilic
reconsecration's~de reconsécration
froth's~froth's
peptic's~peptique de
disapproving~disapproving
reediness's~reediness de
testicle~testicule
laymen~laïcs
gullibility's~gullibility's
raggedier~raggedier
graze~graze
parka's~parka de
intimidates~intimide
menageries~ménageries
Edwin's~Edwin de
acacia's~acacia de
conventionalising~conventionalising
intermediary~intermédiaire
slake~étancher
alligators~alligators
reclassified~reclassé
satellite's~satellite de
cockerels~coquelets
cartilaginous~cartilagineux
luminosity's~luminosité de
Pierce's~Pierce
Carib's~Carib de
backpacking's~de randonnée
escalating~escalating
pegboard's~pegboard de
ouster~expulsion
scroll's~défilement de
Glover's~Glover
displeasure's~displeasure's
pendulum~pendule
quadrilateral's~quadrilatérale de
flailing~flailing
friedcake's~friedcake's
learn~apprendre
overstatement~exagération
Jewess's~de femme juive
tellurium's~de tellure
Shoshone~Shoshone
metalanguage~métalangage
columnist's~chroniqueur de
wonderingly~wonderingly
agenda~ordre du jour
Colombian~colombien
Christopher~Christopher
trimmer's~coupe de
wickedly~méchamment
Hooper~Hooper
requisitions~réquisitions
Eakins~Eakins
extinguisher~extinguisher
beet~betterave
gilders~gilders
constabulary's~de maréchaussée
coverings~coverings
ladyships~Seigneuries
sleety~tombe de la neige fondue
grizzliest~grizzliest
Carney's~Carney
pats~Caresses
blowhard's~vantard de
neuronal~neuronale
Orthodox~Orthodoxe
ticketed~contravention
ascetics~ascètes
burrs~ébarbures
injectors~injecteurs
soporifics~soporifiques
nude's~de nu
nippiness's~nippiness de
facilitation~facilitation
muddle's~embrouillamini de
farmyard's~farmyard's
pillboxes~casemates
remnants~vestiges
neighed~hennit
creaminess's~creaminess's
punctuating~ponctuer
Yamaha's~de Yamaha
playback~lecture
stockpiles~stocks
behaviourism's~de béhaviorisme
duckbill~duckbill
reviling~malédiction
eroded~eroded
zeppelin's~zeppelin de
cindering~cindering
larder's~Larder de
leach~lixivier
charlie~charlie
fez's~fez's
bicep's~biceps
Bulgari's~Bulgari
parochialism~esprit de clocher
unitise~unitise
centilitre's~centilitre de
through~par
inconspicuous~discret
bossiness's~de bossiness
skunking~skunking
thresher's~thresher de
minarets~minarets
burrows~terriers
scalpel~scalpel
outright~carrément
connection~connexion
escalate~escalate
skirt~jupe
miracles~miracles
umbels~ombelles
oppressed~opprimé
partitive~partitif
gutting~gutting
assigner's~de attributeur
retreats~retraites
hep~hep
Charybdis's~Années Scylla
chat~bavarder
mailman's~mailman
canning~mise en conserve
Folsom~Folsom
chancellors~chanceliers
stamping~estampillage
prosper~prospérer
mastodons~mastodontes
Kirghiz~kirghiz
Yvette~Yvette
teen~adolescent
damp~damp
prorogue~proroger
inquiringly~interrogatif
titivating~titivating
unambitious~sans ambition
upthrusting~upthrusting
instituter's~instituter de
cur~cur
odours~odeurs
damper~damper
worst's~pires de
armrests~accoudoirs
Mujib's~Mujib de
Regina~Regina
corer's~corer's
counterespionage's~counterespionage's
monody~monodie
brainteaser's~jeux de réflexion
sinuous~sinueux
jurisdictional~juridictionnel
mould's~du moule
querying~l'interrogation
sandpit~bac à sable
boobs~seins
debonair~debonair
Falklands's~Falklands de
teakettle's~Années Teakettle
Greenspan~Greenspan
deb's~deb's
checkroom~vestiaire
that~cette
motormouth~motormouth
bellybutton~nombril
Minnesotan's~minnesotan de
loofah's~Années luffa
carmines~carmins
welkin~Welkin
patroniser's~patroniser de
cocked~armé
fuelling~fuelling
wobble~osciller
kinfolks's~Années Kinfolks
exhibit~exhibit
injunctions~injonctions
Japura~Japura
leather~cuir
recoil's~recul de
cough's~cough's
priestesses~prêtresses
biased~biaisée
eulogy's~eulogy's
cursorily~cursorily
entwines~entwines
antiserums~antisérums
seamed~sertis
openhanded~openhanded
setts~setts
star~étoile
maturity~maturité
colony's~colonie de
sawfly's~Années tenthrèdes
vaccinates~animaux vaccinés
counterfactual~counterfactual
counterarguments~counterarguments
encoded~encoded
Oklahoman's~de Oklahoman
hind~de derrière
bandleaders~bandleaders
gaslight's~gaslight's
year's~années
dowager's~dowager's
Iyar's~Iyar de
nightstand~la table de nuit
vitamin's~la vitamine de
Pete~Pete
aflutter~tremblé
sunlight~lumière du soleil
ruts~ornières
manoeuvring~manoeuvre
Atacama's~Atacama de
driving~driving
Sabine~Sabine
Upjohn~Upjohn
telekinesis~télékinésie
newsprint~du papier journal
brow's~front de
seabird's~seabird de
outside's~est à l'extérieur
stallion's~étalon de
stammeringly~bredouillant
immunising~immunisant
farrow's~farrow's
epigram's~epigram's
Sb~Sb
astronomer~astronome
miasmas~miasmes
personalised~personnalisé
enlistment~enlistment
modernist's~moderniste de
sesquicentennials~sesquicentennials
entrusted~entrusted
reinterpret~réinterprètent
whiff~bouffée
stiflingly~stiflingly
suffragan~suffragant
messieurs~messieurs
skivvy's~skivvy de
Sivan~Sivan
renovation~rénovation
invective's~de l'invective
upset~dérangé
levitation's~de sustentation
screamer~screamer
zydeco's~Années zydeco
Piraeus's~Le Pirée de
stockyards~Stockyards
maxi's~maxi de
businessperson's~de gens d'affaires
happening's~happening's
ligatures~ligatures
wriggler~larve de moustique
Goodwin~Goodwin
wile's~Wile de
incumbent's~opérateur historique de
duple~duple
Lilian's~Lilian de
rusticity~rusticité
viburnum~viorne
encumbrance~encumbrance
nonresistance's~de la non-résistance
hosier's~bonnetier de
dungeons~dungeons
witticisms~boutades
Sennacherib~Sennachérib
walker~marcheur
ash~cendre
edibles~edibles
timorousness's~de timidité
pharmacists~pharmaciens
manlike~anthropoïde
broom~balai
holography~holographie
Ljubljana~Ljubljana
hangups~hangups
blindsides~blindsides
distance's~distance's
antagonist~antagoniste
imagining~imaginer
overshoe's~overshoe de
seiners~senneur
interspersion~entremêlement
Bukhara's~Boukhara de
arose~née
Agricola's~Agricola de
cakewalk~cakewalk
ultras~ultras
slalomed~slalomé
terrorism's~du terrorisme
provided~à condition de
sanitary~sanitaire
Phidias~Phidias
animalcule's~Années animalcules
snitches~mouchards
reabsorbs~résorbe
concretes~bétons
reembarking~reembarking
Troilus~Troilus
enlightens~enlightens
guns~guns
populist~populiste
headwaiter's~de maître d'hôtel
dupe~dupe
mermen~tritons
snowplough~chasse-neige
flambe~flambe
dispelled~dispelled
tabloid~tabloïde
Paganini's~Paganini
treats~friandises
snowboarder's~les planchistes
hitcher~stoppeur
engagements~engagements
terminations~terminaisons
sumptuous~somptueux
Nam~Nam
moonwalk~moonwalk
rots~pourritures
preamble's~Le préambule de
scratches~rayures
nay~Non
scarps~escarpements
nondisciplinary~non disciplinaire
agitprop's~agitprop de
towhead's~de Towhead
chapel's~chapelle de
danish's~danish's
unguent's~unguent de
etching~etching
repair~réparation
inextricably~inextricablement
lavatory~toilettes
hunch's~intuition de
picante~picante
doublets~doublets
Persephone's~Perséphone de
grouper~grouper
buttock's~fesses
validity~validité
Pantheon~Panthéon
slavery's~de l'esclavage
Sloane's~Sloane
clxvi~clxvi
cleanser~nettoyant
cudgelling~cudgelling
busgirl~busgirl
toastmistress's~de toastmistress
skip's~sauter de
Khartoum~Khartoum
dispersal~dispersal
doglegged~doglegged
jested~Jested
atropine~atropine
marquis~marquis
fourteenth~fourteenth
albums~albums
arsehole~enfoiré
devalued~devalued
unearned~immérité
stubby~trapu
monumentally~monumentalement
roaring~rugissement
Aquino~Aquino
overspecialisation's~hyperspécialisation de
doter's~doter's
nonirritating~Non irritant
ticketing~billetterie
dilettantish~dilettantish
meddlesome~indiscret
veneration's~vénération de
leaks~fuites
betimes~tôt
incurious~incurieux
Nadia~Nadia
collapsible~pliant
dissimulates~dissimulates
cerebrated~cerebrated
squidgy~squidgy
hardness~hardness
Basel~Bâle
neuron~neurone
league's~Ligue de
ennobles~ennobles
Eggo~Eggo
nicer~plus gentil
nightingale~Rossignol
lout~voyou
sin's~péchés capitaux
fishery~fishery
goal's~goal's
cultists~cultists
sporting~sportif
permanently~en permanence
unsurpassed~non surpassé
Gewurztraminer~Gewurztraminer
Abelard~Abélard
prequel~prequel
prudish~prude
infectiousness's~de infectiosité
homepage's~Page d'accueil
Ludhiana's~Ludhiana de
lap~tour
nee~née
Nimrod's~Nimrod de
senator's~sÉNATEUR
coordinator~coordinator
reptiles~reptiles
threw~jeta
Windows's~Windows de
unorthodox~peu orthodoxe
geom~geom
cushions~cushions
middlemost~le plus proche du centre
tiff~querelle
member~membre
transfiguration's~de transfiguration
fortunetelling's~fortunetelling's
Wesak~wesak
headsets~casques d'écoute
repeat~répéter
beach~plage
hysterectomies~hystérectomies
unbecoming~inconvenant
Gd~Gd
Torrance~Torrance
pinwheels~moulinets
Coleridge's~Coleridge
Deidre~Deidre
electricity's~electricity's
whoa~holà
nuzzlers~nuzzlers
denationalise~denationalise
nonfading~atténuation progressive
wireless's~sans fil de
rebroadcast~retransmettre
homologous~homologue
innocence's~son innocence
Ahmad~Ahmad
crusting~crusting
wishbone's~bréchet de
aerie's~Aerie de
unjustifiably~sans justification
spindliest~spindliest
FNMA~FNMA
orientates~Orientales
unexpurgated~non expurgée
kickboxing~kick-boxing
Socratic~socratique
Lionel's~Lionel
somnambulism~somnambulisme
circumflex~circonflexe
turpentine's~de térébenthine
registrant~inscrit
deserves~deserves
solitariness's~de solitariness
diced~diced
lion~Lion
Myanmar~Myanmar
fulsome~fulsome
effulgent~effulgent
Paracelsus's~Paracelse de
starvelings~affamés
preceptor's~de préceptrice
concomitants~concomitantes
sundress~sundress
irritates~irrite
adumbrates~pressentir
rattletraps~rattletraps
notated~notated
Duisburg's~Duisburg de
sponginess's~de capiton
asserts~affirme
Arabia's~Arabia de
commendations~mentions élogieuses
geniality's~geniality's
botch~bousiller
closer~plus proche
poacher's~de braconnier
impetigo's~de l'impétigo
hallucinogen's~hallucinogen's
eyes~eyes
singsong~chantante
sale's~Ventes
plethora's~pléthore de
nontraditional~non traditionnels
dabbled~dabbled
ungovernable~ingouvernable
celled~unicellulaire
Tennyson's~Tennyson
sustaining~maintien
Mont~Mont
Turkey's~TURQUIE
violator's~de violateur
assassinating~assassinant
pullout's~retrait de
juxtaposing~juxtaposer
neocolonialist's~néocolonialiste de
hobnail~caboche
login~s'identifier
expropriator's~expropriator's
attached~attaché
picker's~Préparateur de
pizzicati~pizzicati
prorogued~proroge
Hafiz's~Hafiz de
uniquer~uniquer
socialistic~socialiste
homosexuals~les homosexuels
tarting~Tarting
soundboard's~soundboard de
vulva's~vulvaire de
seizures~crises
haem~haem
Bahama~Bahama
impeccability's~de impeccabilité
kilt's~kilt de
vibraphone's~vibraphone de
lullaby~berceuse
chanteuses~chanteuses
huff~souffler
sicken~rendre malade
silvery~argenté
improving~améliorer
followed~followed
Hartford~Hartford
pickerels~brochets
classifieds~petites annonces
molesting~molester
stuffs~étoffes
protagonists~protagonistes
volubly~volubilité
fourth~fourth
querulously~querulously
sandhog~Sandhog
yesterdays~Yesterdays
critter's~critter's
jewelries~jewelries
said~m'a dit
Oppenheimer's~Oppenheimer
seat's~des places
ententes~ententes
Joyner~Joyner
antitheses~antithèses
limp's~mou de
pews~bancs d'église
marchioness~marquise
Capitoline's~Capitoline de
seabird~seabird
droller~droller
fleapits~fleapits
jukeboxes~jukebox
pageantry's~apparat de
polls~les sondages
discontinuation's~discontinuation's
amputations~amputations
wined~wined
Epicurean~Épicurien
ciders~cidres
wavebands~bandes de fréquences
Dilbert's~Dilbert de
baptistery's~baptistère de
occupational~professionnel
retrogression~rétrogression
nonperishable~non-périssable
cups~cups
magnifications~grossissements
acupuncturists~acupuncteurs
poignantly~d'une manière poignante
speedometer's~l'indicateur de vitesse
scathingly~cinglante
diamondbacks~diamondbacks
hypermedia's~hypermédia de
reinvesting~réinvestissant
sawmill~scierie
statute's~Statut de
knee~le genou
malingering~la simulation
toothsome~savoureux
Glenda~Glenda
shoaled~shoaled
periodically~périodiquement
relocation~déménagement
keypunch's~de perforatrices
exclaimed~exclaimed
beards~barbes
Scheat's~Scheat de
perch~perche
rigger's~gréeur de
lanolin's~lanoline de
rich~riches
omnivorously~omnivorously
chickpea's~pois chiches
raincoats~imperméables
spoonerisms~contrepèteries
poker~poker
slothfulness's~indolence de
waffles~gaufres
Lowenbrau~Löwenbräu
laser's~laser de
Montcalm~Montcalm
leukemics~leukemics
dissenters~dissenters
fix's~fix's
Osvaldo's~Osvaldo de
Beatrice~Beatrice
PGP~PGP
wiener's~wiener de
breakthrough's~percée de
altar~autel
fractions~fractions
gites~gites
typescript~manuscrit
carer's~personnel soignant de
pact~pacte
indissoluble~indissoluble
invigilated~invigilated
RayBan~RayBan
Dean's~Dean
waifs~waifs
vaccinate~vacciner
Cimabue's~Cimabue de
Nepali's~népalais de
niggardliness~avarice
maladies~maladies
regents~régents
canvas's~solliciter
countrymen~countrymen
wordy~verbeux
defaulter~defaulter
Olajuwon~Olajuwon
firestorms~firestorms
backtracking~retours en arrière
byways~chemins de traverse
an~un
pasting~coller
idlers~oisifs
curtailments~curtailments
conform~se conformer
insolubly~indissolublement
Aguirre's~Aguirre de
kink's~Kink de
cesspools~puisards
Boulder~Rocher
shoplifter's~de voleur à l'étalage
frustration~frustration
preformed~préformé
torsional~torsion
Cheyenne~Cheyenne
Bonneville~Bonneville
fence's~fence's
credulity~credulity
during~during
collectivist~collectiviste
baptismal~de baptême
cruelness's~cruelness's
seafarer~marin
sacred~sacré
kestrel's~Kestrel de
Winesap~Winesap
acyl~acyle
autonomous~autonome
dingles~dingles
guestroom~guestroom
josher's~josher de
romance's~de la romance
Hawaiian~hawaïen
wordiest~wordiest
wrecker's~de dépanneuse
nitrification's~de nitrification
osteopath's~de ostéopathes
tripwire~Tripwire
depressurising~depressurising
Penelope~Pénélope
Mistassini~Mistassini
encysts~encysts
honorific's~Années honorifiques
insertions~insertions
ingrate~ingrat
enfranchises~enfranchises
affliction~affliction
hibernation~hibernation
chinwag~chinwag
masthead~tête de mat
propellant's~propulseur de
dumbstruck~dumbstruck
swathing~andainage
Goth~Goth
teaspoonful's~cuillerée à café de
Beardsley's~Beardsley de
squirted~giclé
leaver's~Sortant de
cuttings~cuttings
mixture~mélange
cluck's~gloussement de
minerals~minéraux
cartooning~cartooning
housecleaning~nettoyage de la maison
Farrakhan~Farrakhan
calculus~calcul
rogers~rogers
rapt~extasié
narcissism~narcissisme
egotist~egotist
Bushnell~Bushnell
broths~bouillons
chock~cale
lolcat's~de lolcat
clarinettists~clarinettistes
macrobiotic~macrobiotique
subsections~paragraphes
deathtrap's~deathtrap's
lustreless~lustreless
dermatitis~dermatitis
tricycle~tricycle
braggers~braggers
vindicate~justifier
toggling~basculement
mauler~Mauler
compotes~compotes
architecture's~L'architecture de
truthers~truthers
sandlot's~sandlot de
jinking~jinking
Howard~Howard
overthinks~overthinks
dopier~dopier
reforming~la réforme
circulatory~circulatoire
moochers~moochers
underemployment's~du sous-emploi
pedal~pédale
ballsiest~ballsiest
jotter's~de jotter
Celeste~Celeste
asymmetrically~asymétriquement
bbl~bbl
Mick's~Mick
birthstone~birthstone
involuntarily~involontairement
Donovan's~Donovan
rosiest~plus rose
hes~il est
Stallone's~Stallone
incredible~incroyable
shamming~shamming
flirted~flirted
averagely~moyennement
trimonthly~durée allant
slaves~des esclaves
understandings~compréhensions
Rheingau's~Rheingau de
castigators~castigators
Webern's~Webern
vermin's~vermine de
housefuls~housefuls
Nasser's~Nasser
hemp~chanvre
theatregoer's~amateur de théâtre de
worker's~ouvriers
Irish's~Irlandais de
minion's~de sbire
shipments~les livraisons
memes~mèmes
evasions~evasions
cancans~cancans
aftershock's~de réplique sismique
cowardly~cowardly
plain~plaine
faulting~faulting
unsegregated~non séparé
barrooms~barrooms
roller's~patin à roulettes
subsidising~subventionner
Camembert's~Camembert de
muskellunges~muskellunges
acculturate~acculturer
resins~résines
detains~detains
multitasking's~multi-tâches de
shambolic~bordélique
microdot~microdot
megabyte~méga-octet
crapped~crapped
Philemon~Philemon
schoolgirl's~écolière de
barbie~Barbie
naturals~Naturals
dined~dined
Ostwald~Ostwald
curiousness~curiousness
lesser~moindre
circumcise~circoncire
inconsiderable~négligeable
shocker~Shocker
synoptic~synoptique
mortgagee's~créancier hypothécaire de
Allstate's~Tous les États
Essequibo's~Essequibo de
imply~impliquer
relinquish~renoncer
Pm~pm
gobbet's~gobbet's
leek~poireau
jobbing~à la tâche
Lhasa~Lhasa
demagnetise~demagnetise
quicker~plus rapide
publicly~publiquement
symbol's~symbole de
conker~Conker
turnpike's~Turnpike de
yeoman's~Yeoman de
interrogatives~interrogatives
retrogressed~rétromorphosé
broadside's~par le travers de
nonofficial~Non-officiel
minder~assistante maternelle
metamorphism~métamorphisme
Californian's~californienne de
pinball~flipper
subway~métro
unhealthy~mauvais pour la santé
inure~entrer en vigueur
whittlers~whittlers
shogunate~shogunat
busywork~busywork
carpets~les tapis
breathalyser~ivressomètre
disclaimer~disclaimer
apoptotic~apoptotique
triathlete~triathlète
respites~répits
unbar~débarrer
enviousness~enviousness
snubs~avanies
calamine's~Années Calamine
solstices~solstices
earsplitting~earsplitting
SOSes~Soses
roughly~grossièrement
gunship's~gunship's
amnesiac's~amnésiques de
jealously~jalousement
misreport~de fausses déclarations
here~ici
Hawkins~Hawkins
Baum~Baum
blackball~blackbouler
nursing~allaitement
Prada~Prada
Leger's~Léger et
broodmare~poulinière
Holstein~Holstein
ambuscaded~ambuscaded
reread~relire
ladder~échelle
grouchier~grouchier
anticoagulant's~anticoagulant de
casing~enveloppe
optionally~éventuellement
borrowings~emprunts
gyros~gyros
incapacitating~incapacitant
leanest~plus maigre
Mississippi~Mississippi
chroming~chromage
railway's~les chemins de fer
woodpiles~pilots
Andersen's~Andersen
spay~enlever les ovaires de
bouillabaisses~bouillabaisse
trances~transes
supercharge~suralimenter
bartenders~barmans
nonrecognition's~de la non-reconnaissance
rareness's~Années Rareté
proprietaries~proprietaries
Jacobs's~Jacobs de
Salvador~Salvador
peritoneums~péritoines
Stetson's~Stetson de
fieldworkers~fieldworkers
exemplar's~exemplar's
bahts~bahts
primulas~primevères
housemate~colocataire
Delilahs~Dalilas
taint's~entacher de
crackpot~crackpot
piazza~piazza
brandying~brandying
Commonwealth~Commonwealth
flirtation's~flirtation's
reloaded~rechargées
emerald~emerald
universities~les universités
megabit's~mégabit de
paratroops~unités de parachutistes
Hume's~Hume
doziness~doziness
CRT~CRT
quantify~quantifier
freshwater~freshwater
Witwatersrand~Witwatersrand
prov~prov
videodisc~vidéodisque
interleaved~entrelacée
lexers~lexers
Madagascan~madagascan
indentations~indentations
consulting~consulting
chrysanthemum~chrysanthème
tearooms~Salons de thé
Melchizedek~Melchisédek
polluted~pollué
wanderlusts~wanderlusts
relocation's~relocalisation de
sedateness's~sedateness de
collective's~de collectifs
bigamy's~bigamie de
ratiocinates~ratiocinates
Avalon's~Avalon de
disagreeableness's~disagreeableness's
strategical~stratégique
acrostic~acrostiche
Rockne~Rockne
period~période
patter's~boniment de
rancidness~rancissement
housekeeper's~femme de ménage de
boneheads~boneheads
gristly~gristly
xxxvii~XXXVII
bravos~Bravos
Guadeloupe~Guadeloupe
Nepal's~Népal de
mambos~mambos
belts~ceintures
Waldorf~Waldorf
snowbank~congère
Wilbert~Wilbert
reboiled~rebouilli
hostages~otages
stability~la stabilité
byte's~octet de
Minuit~Minuit
misspends~misspends
arrhythmia~arythmie
township~canton
scalding~bouillant
ego~ego
dressage~dressage
committeewoman's~Années Committeewoman
fierier~fierier
plants~les plantes
afghan~afghan
giver's~giver's
Lindy~Lindy
confess~avouer
presumed~présumé
bargainer~marchandeur
antagonism's~antagonisme de
Lombardy~Lombardie
plied~retors
Woodrow's~Woodrow de
multimillionaires~multimillionnaires
crestless~crestless
darkies~darkies
dimension's~dimension's
Erse's~ers de
systematising~systématisation
recounts~recomptages
Gus's~Gus
vintner's~de vintner
minter's~Minter de
Faberge~Fabergé
galvanisation's~galvanisation's
Agatha's~Agatha
epicurean~epicurean
skyrocket's~monter en flèche de
Sundas's~Années Sundas
slued~slued
uncharted~inexploré
demotivating~demotivating
marijuana's~de la marijuana
mysticism's~du mysticisme
vegans~végétaliens
Sonia's~Sonia
disaffecting~disaffecting
primitively~primitivement
grosses~grosses
bimetallics~bimetallics
tenuousness~ténuité
offish~de poisson
Vuitton's~Vuitton
depredations~depredations
chauvinism's~de chauvinisme
crackling's~crackling's
zygotic~zygote
phish~Phish
cabinetmaking's~de l'ébénisterie
monetary~monétaire
oatmeal~flocons d'avoine
Laramie~Laramie
deportation's~deportation's
littleness's~de petitesses
savour's~saveur de
quadratics~quadratiques
poundage~poids en livres
broth~bouillon
chickenpox's~de la varicelle
mediation's~de médiation
platypuses~ornithorynques
cape's~cape de
jaywalking's~de jaywalking
Electra~Electra
therapist~thérapeute
swipes~swipes
piping's~de la tuyauterie
storyboard's~story-board de
Heather's~Heather
tail~queue
pron~pron
sustain~soutenir
flippy~flippy
cannonballs~boulets de canon
blip~spot
serration's~de crantage
slate~ardoise
halted~halted
highest~le plus élevé
bleeper~Bleeper
mouldy~moisi
chivalrously~chevaleresquement
weatherstripped~calfeutrés
festivities~festivities
elevation~elevation
yippee~Hourra
defect~defect
ilium's~iléon de
heater~chauffe-eau
Theresa~Il y a un
swindler~escroc
gashes~gashes
Becky's~Becky
dastardly~dastardly
printer's~imprimeur
trademarked~trademarked
buccaneer's~boucanier de
amorphousness's~de amorphisme
eve's~eve's
balalaikas~balalaïkas
dictation's~dictation's
byline~byline
ickier~ickier
Manchuria~Mandchourie
mapmaker~cartographe
Ephesian's~Éphèse de
frostbiting~frostbiting
Indian's~Indiens
precautions~précautions
spoored~spoored
nationhood's~de nationalité
hokey~hokey
Chihuahua's~CHIHUAHUA
delay~delay
rung's~rung de
owl's~BUSEs
ballast's~ballast de
comestible~comestible
reconsigned~réexpédiée
malcontent's~de malcontent
precisely~précisément
votary's~Pratiquant de
sudsiest~sudsiest
clonks~clonks
lifelike~réaliste
insecurity's~l'insécurité de
joyfulness's~de joyfulness
bodes~augure
vaunt~se vanter
defended~defended
cognomens~cognomens
unbind~délier
Netscape~Netscape
Mathews~Mathews
feverishness's~feverishness's
slum~taudis
bigamous~bigame
cambium's~cambium de
profaneness's~profaneness de
Callisto~Callisto
rotten~pourri
infringing~contrefaçon
Fichte's~Fichte
effectuate~effectuate
endearment~endearment
surveyed~interrogés
mesmerism's~de mesmérisme
quirt's~quirt de
thinker's~penseur de
pleasureful~pur plaisir
uncover~devoiler
burglarised~cambriolée
increases~augmente
scapegoat~bouc émissaire
befriend~venir en aide
grope's~grope's
demises~demises
rubidium's~de rubidium
festal~festal
promo~promo
shaved~rasé
gear's~gear's
looseness's~de desserrement
joeys~joeys
choosier~choosier
memorisation's~de mémorisation
Barclay~Barclay
fluoroscope's~fluoroscope's
potpies~potpies
enforcers~enforcers
naturalised~naturalisé
Arianism~arianisme
Schuyler~Schuyler
Tabascos~Tabascos
Terr's~Terr de
Campanella's~Campanella de
psychotropics~médicaments psychotropes
anthologist's~anthologies de
potable's~potable de
spacemen~Spacemen
balds~balds
insists~insiste sur le fait
monastics~moniales
predominance's~prédominance de
petrologists~pétrologues
carny~carny
supernova's~supernova de
fireproofing~fireproofing
candlewick~candlewick
morels~morilles
chastised~châtié
halts~halts
boohoo~boohoo
Akron~Akron
atropine's~de l'atropine
debating's~debating's
Lothario's~Lothaire de
jackets~vestes
lax~relâché
hippo~hippopotame
compellingly~irrésistiblement
decorousness's~decorousness's
received~reçu
wanderings's~Années errances
Morse~Morse
sinfully~sinfully
seashells~seashells
Gray's~Gray
bioreactor~bioréacteur
grumps~grumps
Souphanouvong~Souphanouvong
bunkhouse's~baraquement de
ideologically~idéologiquement
gunshot's~gunshot's
snot's~Années morve
freeman~freeman
immigration's~de l'immigration
Horowitz~Horowitz
kingpin~pivot central
formatting~formatting
predict~prédire
papered~tapissés
clumpy~clumpy
date~date
cavities~caries
Copeland~Copeland
prepackaged~préemballée
compress's~compresser de
riser~colonne montante
U's~Nous
pot's~pot de
topee~faire pipi
Kendall's~Kendall
millwright~millwright
demoniac~demoniac
shopped~magasiné
shortlisting~une liste restreinte
annihilating~annihilant
moonwalks~moonwalks
rephotographed~photographiés à nouveau
astrology's~de l'astrologie
intuitive~intuitif
insanest~insanest
flannels~flannels
bee~abeille
underplays~sous-estime
pinnacles~pinacles
pedicure's~pédicure de
butterfat~matière grasse
lumping~amalgamant
hibachi~hibachi
scintillate~scintiller
sleuths~limiers
ski's~des skis
deductive~deductive
blog~Blog
niff~niff
curlew~curlew
Masada~Masada
screwdrivers~tournevis
overcome~surmonter
posturing's~de gesticulations
homographs~homographes
Boris's~de Boris
subcontract~sous-traiter
undershooting~se posant
groundcloth~groundcloth
childminder~assistante maternelle
anaesthetists~anesthésistes
vibraphonists~vibraphonistes
refurbishment~remise à neuf
integrating~en intégrant
storekeeper~magasinier
stag's~cerf de
incinerators~incinérateurs
revolutionising~révolutionnant
evader's~evader's
contraceptives~contraceptives
unchallenged~sans partage
Dartmouth's~Dartmouth de
Ingrid~Ingrid
luncheonettes~luncheonettes
peeresses~pairesses
Burl~Burl
decidedly~decidedly
untypical~atypique
paleographer's~de paléographe
tells~dit
Lockwood's~Lockwood
Ndjamena~ndjamena
sutlers~vivandières
crackups~crackups
wettest~plus humide
pulpit~chaire
archaic~archaïque
Nathan~Nathan
creek~creek
Jocasta~Jocaste
videophone~vidéophone
increment's~augmentation de
inflated~gonflé
leases~baux
hookah's~narguilé de
frolicked~frolicked
partaken~mangé
versioned~versionnée
semitransparent~semi-transparent
intellectual's~intellectuelle de
ebb's~ebb's
suppression's~suppression de
pave~paver
snooker's~billard de
backstrokes~m dos
scrabbles~Scrabbles
transmogrifies~transmogrifies
Samar's~Samar de
agrarians~agrariens
rem~rem
insulin's~insuline de
e~e
nappy's~couche-culotte de
scuffling~qui se bagarre
ingestion's~l'ingestion de
tanker's~de camion-citerne
scullions~marmitons
Leeuwenhoek's~Leeuwenhoek de
infringe~enfreindre
meaning's~ce qui signifie de
joystick~manette
scotch's~scotch de
objectionable~répréhensible
resurface~refaire surface
redial~recomposition
copra~copra
parachute's~parachute de
morgues~morgues
Josefa~Josefa
breathalyses~breathalyses
grandma~grandma
gangway's~gangway's
Maj~Maj
breakfasted~déjeunait
troikas~troïkas
cannery~conserverie
lawmaker~législateur
Mohave~Mohave
Chardonnay~Chardonnay
globalises~globalises
Jami~Jami
kebabs~kebabs
damns~damns
transom's~tableau arrière de
decolonisation~decolonisation
FWD~FWD
Tarkington~Tarkington
underbellies~ventres
overlook~négliger
Unicode~Unicode
Hippocrates~Hippocrate
tapper~tapper
recognisably~recognisably
whipping's~de coups de fouet
ransacking~mise à sac
fin~fin
sob's~sanglots
gainer's~gainer's
thirsts~soifs
Bulganin's~Boulganine de
bankruptcies~faillites
extralegal~extralegal
Himalayan~Himalaya
honker~honker
gauge's~gauge's
collegians~collégiens
gripers~gripers
softness's~la douceur de
Amadeus~Amadeus
redder~plus rouge
floodplain~floodplain
burps~rots
prudentially~prudentiellement
broadness's~largesse de
Sven's~Sven de
workday's~journée de travail de
empathy~empathy
persuadable~qui peut être persuadé
wasn't~n'a pas été
alarmists~alarmistes
dislocation~dislocation
understudy's~de doublures
UV's~UV de
maltose's~maltose de
Congregationalist's~congrégationaliste de
tiler~carreleur
lacier~lacier
accomplishes~accomplit
diocese's~diocese's
jibing~jibe
assessment~évaluation
bedevilling~embêtante
chestnut~châtaigne
crowing~crowing
Tillich's~Tillich de
Wyoming~Wyoming
diktat~diktat
dishwashers~dishwashers
indignation~indignation
pampers~Pampers
hitcher's~de Hitcher
Patti~Patti
ductility~ductility
psalmist's~de psalmiste
Willamette~Willamette
Claus~Claus
courtesan~courtesan
Poseidon~Poséidon
narwhal~narval
insuring~affiliation
prefabs~prefabs
grassroots~grassroots
kilos~kilos
flashed~flashed
uhf~uhf
overgrazing~surpâturage
materialising~matérialisation
Mike's~Mike
Yevtushenko~Yevtushenko
highs~sommets
autocrat's~de autocrat
iterate~répéter
biographically~biographiquement
mooching~mooching
heading's~Heading
refurbish~remettre à neuf
Brunhilde's~Brunhilde de
deepness~deepness
regime~régime
hymen's~Années hymen
luridly~luridly
demographer~demographer
misgoverning~misgoverning
confinement's~confinement de
grandchildren's~grandchildren's
Segundo's~Segundo de
Koranic~coranique
shadowing~shadowing
sternness~sévérité
Golding's~Golding de
drabs~drabs
squeamishly~dégoûté
team's~équipe de
scantiness~insuffisance
pelf's~Années Pelf
munificently~munificence
bourbons~bourbons
crony's~crony's
spank's~fessée de
compressing~compression
pitiless~sans pitié
metricises~metricises
Alden's~Alden de
rodent's~rongeur de
burgs~burgs
numerate~numerate
Charlie~Charlie
academia~le milieu universitaire
copulated~copulated
traditionalism's~de traditionalisme
eater~eater
jutting~jutting
carpal~carpien
buckled~voilé
restocks~réapprovisionne
strongest~la plus forte
purpler~plus violette
dreadnoughts~dreadnoughts
goody's~goody's
altitude~altitude
Macmillan~Macmillan
chatterbox's~de Chatterbox
cutaway's~cutaway's
confidentially~confidentiellement
impounded~mis en fourrière
jitterbugs~jitterbugs
trample's~fouler aux pieds de
procreation's~de la procréation
debugging~debugging
gynaecologist~gynaecologist
ampules~ampules
deliciously~deliciously
progressively~progressivement
sensually~sensuellement
barrister~avocat
espressos~espressos
obstinacy~obstination
mistiness~bruine
spontaneously~spontanément
timidness's~de timidness
unappreciated~méconnu
Federico~Federico
foe~foe
caveat~caveat
quotation's~citation de
surviving~survivant
delicatessens~delicatessens
conviviality's~conviviality's
watt's~watt de
descender~descender
cumbersomeness's~cumbersomeness's
Steve~Steve
EEG~EEG
sapped~sapé
sapwood~aubier
hoers~hoers
chase's~chase
authoritatively~autoritairement
crozier~crozier
Hebraisms~hébraïsmes
praise~louange
jaggies~crénelage
refit~remettre en état
backbit~backbit
nauseousness's~nauseousness de
cyclopedia~cyclopedia
McQueen~McQueen
works's~travaux de
perception~la perception
pedant~pédant
cogitate~réfléchir
wimples~cornettes
regale~régaler
debutante's~debutante's
courtyard~courtyard
chump~Chump
Welles's~Welles de
Valentine~Valentin
stiffness~rigidité
flutter~flutter
pickle's~cornichons
reeks~Reeks
Carly~Carly
oilskin~toile cirée
matzo's~azyme de
gypper~gypper
investiture~investiture
playboy~playboy
Marcella's~Marcella de
splicer's~de colleuse
twinkled~Twinkled
nineteenths~dix-neuvièmes
corals~corals
Tate~Tate
Thursday's~de jeudi
contemptuously~contemptuously
buck~mâle
reequip~rééquiper
sample~échantillon
sprig's~branchette de
upbeat~optimiste
scandalising~scandaliser
cremate~cremate
federal's~federal's
waterier~abreuvoirs
befitting~befitting
evangelist~evangelist
smocking's~de smocks
George~George
cookeries~cookeries
Lavern's~lavern de
doubters~doubters
filenames~filenames
napkin~serviette de table
killdeers~killdeers
micrometeorite~micrométéorites
pilaf's~pilaf
somnolent~somnolent
testimonials~Témoignages
tyrannosaurs~tyrannosaures
Eustachian's~de eustachian
Olympus~Olympe
vitreous~vitreux
ensued~ensued
unrevealed~unrevealed
reserpine~réserpine
buoyant~flottable
buyback's~rachat de
embrace~embrace
amasses~amasse
whist~whist
Francesca~Francesca
steps~pas
topsails~huniers
reprimand's~blâme de
chimney's~cheminée de
earl~earl
exuding~exuding
avert~éviter
Majuro~Majuro
spics~SPIC
waylay~attaquer
marshlands~terrains marécageux
humidify~humidifier
bootleggers~bootleggers
Grafton's~Grafton de
Baha'i's~Années bahá'ís
disconcert~disconcert
Kansan's~kansan de
transshipped~transbordé
punished~puni
rangy~longiligne
problem's~problèmes
trawls~chaluts
unlearning~désapprentissage
Kubrick's~Kubrick
animator's~animateur de
retaliation~représailles
chickweed's~Années chickweed
nutshell~coquille de noix
Lugosi~Lugosi
Dorsey's~Dorsey
Balkan's~Balkans
undersigns~undersigns
Mainers~Mainers
Nelly~Nelly
clubbable~clubbable
stymieing~stymieing
liquidation's~liquidation de
fistfight~fistfight
storeroom~débarras
convention's~convention's
Curtis's~Curtis de
perfected~mis au point
Maigret~Maigret
owl~hibou
seating~sièges
intercommunication~intercommunication
dimwitted~dimwitted
joking~plaisanterie
terrestrials~terrestres
romanticism~le romantisme
cordial's~cordial's
Norseman~Scandinave
manipulates~manipule
Devin's~Devin
misspelled~mal orthographié
Montenegro's~Monténégro de
cowrie's~cowrie's
Chapultepec's~Chapultepec de
Pekingese~Pékinois
Delphic~delphique
shortening~raccourcissement
microbrewery~microbrasserie
fleck~fleck
kibitzers~kibitzers
puffer~poisson-globe
detractor's~detractor's
boorishness's~de goujaterie
hoteliers~hoteliers
gaits~gaits
abler~Abler
fetched~fetched
Ivy's~Ivy
Manhattans~manhattans
saw~vu
fiddlier~fiddlier
earpiece~earpiece
lampoon's~de lampoon
chimer~chimer
bewilder~déconcerter
Ordovician's~Années Ordovicien
definable~definable
methamphetamine's~méthamphétamine de
inhaler~inhalateur
hedonistic~hédonistique
closeups~gros plans
desiccation~desiccation
emphasis's~emphasis's
transience~fugacité
outmanoeuvres~outmanoeuvres
lagging's~de retard
vigesimal~vigésimal
astound~étonner
lungfishes~lungfishes
medal~médaille
Soviet's~soviétique de
rayon's~de rayonne
trucker~camionneur
stuttered~bégayé
freshest~freshest
North's~Nord de
occultism's~de l'occultisme
lair~repaire
hayride~promenade dans une charrette de foin
flatulence~flatulence
guinea's~guinea's
breast~Sein
incinerated~incinérés
affectation~affectation
inhibiting~inhiber
infirmity's~infirmité de
accumulator~accumulateur
oilier~grasse
ohm~ohm
paisleys~paisleys
melancholia~mélancolie
authorities~les autorités
brakes~freins
sniffled~renifla
unsheathing~dégainage
past's~Le passé de
spares~pièces de rechange
contriver's~contriver's
depiction~depiction
overawing~intimider
bonks~bonks
angora's~de angora
Freddy~Freddy
dodge's~dodge's
unknowingly~sans le savoir
rarest~le plus rare
glass's~glass's
sleighing~traînage
napalming~napalm
scorekeepers~scorekeepers
animistic~animiste
stringently~rigoureuse
shrank~Shrank
stranger~étranger
irreverently~irrévérencieusement
token's~jeton années
phonier~phonier
backaches~maux de dos
psychiatrists~psychiatres
valance~lambrequin
yow~yow
glutton~glutton
McCormick's~McCormick
whizzing~sifflant
refrigerate~réfrigérer
stereo's~chaîne hi-fi de
km~km
Shields's~Shields de
attribute's~les attributs
lisp~zézayer
limberness's~de limberness
slacker's~fainéant de
marjoram's~marjolaine de
Seth~Seth
garbles~garbles
smoggy~smoggy
woodlands~forêts
sibilant's~de sifflantes
allotment~attribution
synergy's~synergie de
changeling~changeling
Barbara's~Barbara de
neutralist's~de neutralistes
deffer~deffer
witchcraft~la sorcellerie
jemmy~pince-monseigneur
parenthetically~entre parenthèses
tensile~élastique
pessimist~pessimiste
effuse~effuse
hop's~hop de
snort's~snort de
libelled~diffamés
cloned~cloné
Hilton's~Hilton de
popinjay~freluquet
pith~moelle
urination~miction
footnoting~footnoting
tapeline's~Années Tapeline
pippin~pomme reinette
Texans~Texans
Arizona's~l'Arizona
offal~déchets
tempers~tempère
scout's~scout de
defalcate~defalcate
Prut's~Années Prut
tenuity's~ténuité de
sandwiched~pris en sandwich
excise~excise
octogenarian~octogénaire
mean's~veux dire
boysenberry~Boysen
kilolitre's~de kilolitres
uncultured~inculte
col~col
capeskin~capeskin
clanswomen~clanswomen
shiftiest~shiftiest
petulance~irritabilité
argosies~argosies
motorbiking~motorbiking
huller's~décortiqueuse de
Khabarovsk's~Khabarovsk de
birdwatchers~ornithologues
filmstrip's~filmstrip's
flycatcher's~flycatcher's
WAC~WAC
insubstantially~insubstantially
bantams~bantams
shirts~chemises
overseen~supervisé
enfranchise~enfranchise
comparability's~la comparabilité de
ventricles~ventricules
workdays~journées de travail
Long~Longue
aborigines~aborigènes
lees~lie
lowly~humble
nodule's~nodule de
grassland's~grassland's
cleaner's~pressing
quipsters~quipsters
totems~totems
backroom~chambre à l'arrière
Manhattan~Manhattan
elimination's~elimination's
Mosley~Mosley
purposing~purposing
registrations~inscriptions
tabby~tigré
purveyor's~de pourvoyeuse
Korea's~Corée du
illegibility~illisibilité
Doris~Doris
accusative's~de accusatif
maxes~Maxes
dogging~dogging
sensible~sensible
Sikkim~Sikkim
restring~restring
blob~goutte
zits~zits
nicety's~de nicety
obsessive~obsessionnel
gymnasium's~gymnasium's
crackdowns~crackdowns
enforced~enforced
daguerreotypes~daguerreotypes
buds~bourgeons
parenthesising~parenthesising
sysadmin~sysadmin
day~day
dither's~dither's
interrogated~interrogé
electioneer~electioneer
Grady's~Grady de
fawns~fawns
pique~piquer
snowplough's~chasse-neige de
gestation's~gestation's
bethink~bethink
bops~bops
egotism~egotism
inscribing~L'INSCRIPTION
willed~volontaire
materialises~matérialise
cauterisation~cautérisation
paginate~paginer
ravine's~ravin de
stopover's~escale de
Mennonite's~mennonite de
Politburo's~Bureau politique de
busboy~busboy
pacier~pacier
living's~vit
Manchurian's~Années Mandchourie
unexcused~non excusées
courtroom~courtroom
stopwatch's~chronomètre de
hubby~petit mari
supplementary~supplémentaire
kludging~kludging
Brynner's~Brynner de
microns~microns
complainants~plaignants
tercentenaries~tricentenaires
Windows~les fenêtres
predictor's~prédicteur de
gustily~gustily
chemistry's~de la chimie
precipitous~abrupt
Claus's~Claus de
chancellery~chancellerie
revisionism's~de révisionnisme
deuce's~deuce's
fingerboard~fingerboard
westerner~occidental
limbered~attelée
musing~rêverie
prince's~PRINCIER
wraparound~enrouler autour
bushed~ahuri
plectrum~plectre
diapered~diapered
majolica~majolique
shitload~shitload
fleetness~fleetness
captained~captained
disgraces~disgraces
Tarzan's~Tarzan
winced~grimacé
damp's~damp's
thrush's~grive
begs~mendie
atrociousness~atrocité
fanatics~fanatics
liveware~liveware
imploringly~suppliante
loan~prêt
normally~normalement
conversationalist's~conversationalist's
outlandish~bizarre
monster's~monstres
republican's~de la république
pineapples~Ananas
academician's~Années academician
masterstrokes~coups de maître
Brezhnev~Brezhnev
overdresses~overdresses
filleting~filleting
Grozny~Grozny
atilt~aTilt
renovated~rénové
latitudes~latitudes
Israel~Israël
knives~des couteaux
Sargent's~Sargent
footman~footman
questionnaires~questionnaires
Liszt's~Liszt
raster~raster
kahunas~kahunas
Tanisha~Tanisha
bookend~serre-livres
retie~retie
assisted~assisté
tercentenary's~de tercentenary
Buber's~Buber
convicted~convicted
active~actif
vestments~Chasubles
prints~estampes
Esperanto~espéranto
Ne's~Ne de
carelessness's~ce laisser-aller
Handy~Pratique
expect~expect
database's~database's
qualms~état d'âme
runts~avortons
vitriolic~mordant
beepers~buzzers
virginal's~de virginales
miser's~radin de
Myst's~Myst de
bunghole~bunghole
selflessly~de façon désintéressée
cancelling~annulation
squalor~misère noire
quickies~quickies
pippins~reinettes
Mamore's~Mamoré de
strongholds~forteresses
Byrd~Byrd
attends~assiste
medico's~medico de
Malplaquet~Malplaquet
rustle's~bruissement de
Guernsey~Guernsey
cobalt~cobalt
simulations~simulations
outshouted~outshouted
cadenza~cadence
manana~manana
balmier~Balmier
bloodlessness~bloodlessness
Vito~Vito
iterative~itératif
unsaddling~desseller
liberals~libéraux
Goddard's~Goddard
impairing~altérant
submersing~submersing
reluctance~réluctance
shopkeeper's~boutiquier de
tweak~tordre
bulb~ampoule
owlet~jeune hibou
brainpower~matière grise
faintness~faintness
taiga's~taïga de
malingers~simule,
Jacobin's~jacobine de
disincentive~disincentive
Derby~Derby
cassowary~casoar
generation~generation
arbitrage's~arbitrage de
BlackBerry~La mûre
hemispherical~hémisphérique
exhilaration~exhilaration
Leopold~Leopold
budding~bourgeonnant
emery~emery
yakking~yakking
Cs~Cs
fuddle~fuddle
granter's~granter's
Arafat~Arafat
chutney~chutney
Samsonite's~Samsonite de
python's~python
ISIS~ISIS
hurdlers~hurdlers
mug's~La tasse
promoter's~promoteur de
Narragansett's~Narragansett de
Murray~Murray
mummified~momifié
mousse~mousse
Stael's~Staël
precipitously~abruptement
shorted~court-circuité
consequentially~par voie de conséquence
Tampa's~Tampa de
syncopates~syncope
postcolonial~postcolonial
marinara's~Années marinara
Hz's~Hz de
throat~gorge
pleurae~plèvres
palm's~paume de
incrimination~incrimination
mutably~mutably
hawk's~hawk
Isabella~Isabella
deflector's~deflector's
widows~veuves
quitter~lâcheur
Helen's~Hélène
godhead~godhead
brassieres~brassières
airport's~aÉROPORT
dabbing~dabbing
bemoaned~déplorait
transsexuals~transsexuelles
Dame's~Dame de
slap's~slap de
Vance's~Vance de
tout's~tout de
paraquat's~de paraquat
discs~discs
FY~FY
insulator's~isolant de
generative~generative
sissiest~sissiest
repel~repousser
aspens~trembles
preparation~préparation
shed~cabanon
Thule's~Thule de
Qom's~Qom de
cousins~cousins
handbarrows~handbarrows
reordering~réordonnancement
randiness~randiness
actually~réellement
nonchargeable~nonchargeable
pantries~garde-mangers
exploiters~exploiters
Sanders~Sanders
domestically~domestically
lesion's~lésion de
flintiest~flintiest
digest's~digest's
feasted~feasted
Islamic's~islamique de
recrimination's~de récrimination
floppies~floppies
bedbug~punaise de lit
leverages~tire parti
walrus~morse
academicians~académiciens
royals~Royals
toecap~embout
grantee's~grantee's
fingerings~fingerings
cracker's~cracker's
addresses~adresses
loopholes~lacunes
laggardly~procrastination
Sana~Sana
realms~royaumes
impregnable~imprenable
stockbreeders~éleveurs
albatross's~albatros de
bedtime's~heure du coucher de
pickier~pickier
Albireo's~Albireo de
Kroger~Kroger
creamery~creamery
waist~taille
beatification's~béatification de
whalebone~fanon de baleine
chloride~chlorure
mudslinging's~de dénigrement
repertories~répertoires
shatter~briser
detainee~detainee
shadings~ombrages
islands~îles
audiologist~audiologiste
slather~barbouiller
toner~toner
fats~fats
exoticism~exoticism
communicant's~de communiante
bond~liaison
derogatorily~derogatorily
distributorship~distributorship
soups~soupes
abstract's~résumé de
stirred~remué
Fermat~Fermat
interruption's~interruption de
newt~triton
reflation~relance
stem's~tiges
garlands~garlands
Alsace~Alsace
fazed~fazed
languors~langueurs
globing~globing
etymologists~etymologists
lovingly~tendrement
adjust~régler
checkrooms~Consigne
jingoist's~cocardier de
deactivation's~deactivation's
enthusing~enthusing
adventurism~aventurisme
Lilliput's~Lilliput de
manually~manuellement
Barron~Barron
stolen~volé
Katherine~Katherine
yeti~yeti
layette~layette
extrusion's~extrusion's
larceny~vol
consistently~régulièrement
Zeno's~Zénon
irresistibly~irrésistiblement
Alcindor's~Alcindor de
craftiness~craftiness
stinkbug's~punaises
Sivan's~Sivan de
haggle~haggle
remedying~remédier
uncomplainingly~uncomplainingly
Rostand's~rostand de
cubed~cubed
jaunted~jaunted
due~due
AMA~AMA
irritably~agacé
habituation~habituation
rhizome's~rhizome de
Gaza~Gaza
dilution~dilution
bathing's~bain de
commutator's~de commutateur
steeliness's~de steeliness
Crystal's~cristal de
overfilling~surremplissage
such~tel
wet~humide
conjectural~conjectural
Dawkins~Dawkins
mixes~mélanges
crepe's~crepe's
vassal's~vassal
integrated~intégré
extraterritoriality's~extraterritoriality's
ramjet~statoréacteur
stokers~soutiers
scrupulosity~scrupule
inalienability's~inaliénabilité de
thymuses~thymus
submersion's~submersion de
geisha~geisha
polyclinics~polycliniques
claques~claques
Benin~Bénin
sluggish~paresseux
EULAs~CLUF
tangle's~enchevêtrement de
precedent's~précédent de
perigee's~périgée de
holding's~la tenue de
dervish's~dervish's
cuspidor's~cuspidor's
schoolfellows~condisciples
termagant's~de mégère
chlorides~chlorures
musher~musher
blacktopping~bitumage
scanning~balayage
Zamora~Zamora
trestle~chevalet
descents~descents
thinly~à peine
nimrod's~Nimrod de
tourniquets~garrots
hardheaded~hardheaded
Set's~Set de
duchess's~duchess's
scatted~scatted
Bacardi~Bacardi
Clapeyron~Clapeyron
reckoned~compté
whittle~réduire
Denver~Denver
riffle's~riffles de
nattily~nattily
Pepsi~Pepsi
dunk~dunk
handclasp~handclasp
ooh~ooh
enmeshing~enmeshing
inequities~les inégalités
bazookas~bazookas
provable~prouvable
impounds~fourrière
exportable~exportable
Southeasts~Southeasts
captaincies~capitaineries
arroyo's~arroyo de
stepsons~beaux-fils
dam's~dam's
tangoing~dansent le tango
Griffith's~Griffith
passivized~passivized
bald~chauve
dumpsite~dumpsite
canvassers~solliciteurs
gapes~gapes
blotted~épongé
domestication~domestication
palpitation's~de palpitation
oral's~orale de
cohabit~cohabiter
Schumpeter's~Schumpeter
concubines~concubines
spectroscope~spectroscope
Romeo's~Romeo
hardihood's~hardihood's
permafrost's~années pergélisol
traditional~traditionnel
Agassi's~Agassi
statistics~statistiques
precede~précéder
individualised~individualisé
ineffective~inefficace
dormice~dormice
Sudoku~Sudoku
Zedong~Zedong
duality~duality
agglutination~agglutination
Scottsdale's~Scottsdale de
sheath~gaine
Fuller's~Fuller
arrogate~s'arroger
obelisk's~obélisque de
pamphleteer~pamphlétaire
anorexia's~anorexie de
bushings~douilles
Willa~Willa
Gandalf~Gandalf
oriole's~oriole de
noshed~noshed
festivals~festivals
talented~talentueux
McPherson~McPherson
sabre's~sabre
bonged~bonged
rigidity's~la rigidité de
Adler's~Adler
hereunto~icelles
brasseries~brasseries
macron~Macron
ecstasy's~ecstasy's
playgirls~playgirls
contusing~contusing
allocate~allouer
anchoring~ancrage
lent~prêté
skateboarder's~du skateur
cynosure~cynosure
backtrack~BackTrack
badmouth~badmouth
Ursuline's~Ursulines de
cremains~cremains
sensibleness's~sensibleness de
contusion's~contusion's
handlers~handlers
medium's~moyen de
imponderable~impondérable
enzymes~enzymes
ratings~évaluations
assesses~évalue
Darby's~Darby
Sherri~Sherri
meadowlark's~meadowlark de
humiliating~humiliant
stymied~contrecarrés
prattles~jase
wallpaper's~fond d'écran de
lambswool~lambswool
unbalance~déséquilibrer
rewarms~rewarms
pencil~crayon
examinations~examinations
pruner~élagueur
thrown~jeté
swaps~swaps
conspirators~conspirateurs
pocketbook~porte-monnaie
impatiens~impatiens
oxtail~soupe à la queue de boeuf
recapitulates~Recapitulates
O~O
optimises~Optimise
Robby~Robby
cherishes~chérit
constipated~constipé
sniffling~reniflement
improvises~improvise
wanking~branlette
contrived~contrived
Bulfinch~Bulfinch
storey's~étages de
Rozelle's~Rozelle de
Lilongwe's~Lilongwe de
Etna~Etna
bat~chauve souris
octane's~octane de
pictorial~pictural
likes~aime
stings~piqûres
expressionlessly~expressionlessly
amplifier~amplificateur
Schuyler's~Schuyler de
Lamar~Lamar
Robt~robt
genuflections~genuflections
antibacterial's~antibactérien de
acquittal's~acquittement de
expatriates~expatriates
tenacious~tenace
billowy~houleux
breaches~violations
masticated~mastiquée
conchie~conchie
Mosaic~Mosaïque
Nevada~Nevada
crays~crays
cloacae~cloacae
moralistic~moralisatrice
bluesier~bluesier
glockenspiels~glockenspiels
anthologists~anthologistes
village~village
schlock's~de schlock
Akita~akita
spinelessly~lâchement
vitrines~vitrines
Bridgman's~Bridgman de
inflows~entrées
scoopful~scoopful
Mimi~Mimi
Nassau's~Nassau de
manure's~du fumier
possible~possible
menials~valetaille
electrolyte~electrolyte
fraudsters~fraudsters
jackboot's~de botte
swoosh's~Années swoosh
erasures~erasures
tsetses~glossines
ductile~ductile
quaintly~Pittoresquement
reclassifying~reclassements
redivide~repartage
extinct~extinct
trimmers~soutiers
wearer's~porteur de
postseason~post-saison
incidentals~accessoires
exclamation's~exclamation's
liquefied~liquéfié
gang's~gang's
echo~echo
reorg's~reorg de
opportunist's~opportuniste de
japing~japing
Haman's~Haman de
Srivijaya's~Srivijaya de
declare~declare
idiom~idiome
substantiate~justifier
weeder~étrille
motivating~motivant
Rigoletto~Rigoletto
garbage~garbage
Madelyn~Madelyn
wardress~gardienne de prison
backstopped~backstopped
scleroses~scléroses
hardness's~hardness's
neurotic~névrosé
cashew~anacardier
return~revenir
alphabetisers~alphabetisers
Hohhot~Hohhot
apotheoses~apothéoses
SDI~SDI
renascence~renaissance
worktop~Plan de travail
salaries~les salaires
noiselessly~sans bruit
communism's~communisme du
placements~placements
brassier~Brassier
Lewinsky's~Lewinsky de
proctors~proctors
spliffs~spliffs
dappled~dappled
hagiographers~hagiographers
scornfully~avec mépris
sidecar~side-car
Cameroons~Cameroons
prevailed~prévalu
vivid~vif
Sept~septembre
acolytes~acolytes
cavorting~cabrioles
Bernoulli~Bernoulli
Czerny's~Czerny de
mythic~mythique
naif's~naif de
Page~Page
fallibly~fallibly
Dolores's~Dolores années
saucing~saucing
scupper's~dalot de
serenade's~sérénade
duplicates~duplicates
Fanny~Chatte
craw~craw
inscrutably~impénétrable
reused~réutilisés
prankster~farceur
elands~elands
daydreaming~daydreaming
beaver~castor
Borges~Borges
Byronic~byronien
Judas~Judas
Beiderbecke~Beiderbecke
plainchant~plainchant
latching~verrouillage
broke~cassé
advertisement's~annonces
L'Amour's~L'Amour de
bowlines~boulines
improperly~mal
Persian's~persan de
nearby~proche
scaremongering~alarmisme
railleries~railleries
blaring~tonitruante
Pabst's~Pabst de
funding's~funding's
Hesiod~Hésiode
tintinnabulations~tintinnabulations
divans~divans
analysand's~analysand de
joyful~joyeux
sitting~séance
Marquesas's~Années Marquises
echoic~echoic
sculpturing~sCULPTURE
crumpets~crumpets
fiddles~fiddles
Sabin~Sabin
vulnerability's~La vulnérabilité de
tobogganer's~tobogganer de
DiMaggio's~DiMaggio de
rounds~tours
Khoisan's~Khoisan de
Transylvanian~transylvanian
Scientologists~scientologues
snore's~ronfler de
Ramadan~Ramadan
conclusive~définitif
fascist's~fascist's
narrated~narré
fuzziest~fuzziest
buxom~bien en chair
evangelical's~evangelical's
Amadeus's~Amadeus de
reproductive~reproducteur
faiths~faiths
demilitarisation~demilitarisation
pantomimes~pantomimes
distinguishes~distinguishes
newsflash~Newsflash
spy's~de l'espion
sagacious~sagace
coefficients~coefficients
kerchiefs~fichus
cosigners~cosigners
Nobel's~Nobel de
oppression~oppression
reactive~réactif
exhibits~exhibits
indicator's~indicateur de
Britten's~Britten
podcast's~Podcast de
orderlies~plantons
typification's~de typification
hypnotically~hypnotiquement
flatbread~flatbread
planeload~planeload
cogency's~de cogency
precocity~précocité
impetuses~impetuses
grossing~grossing
stricken~sinistré
Cromwellian~Cromwellian
quorum's~Le quorum de
evangelised~evangelised
Baldwin~Baldwin
Robby's~Robby de
meritorious~méritoire
haemophiliac's~haemophiliac's
encoder~encoder
coca's~coca de
steamer~bateau à vapeur
mahatmas~mahatmas
ejection's~ejection's
consumption~consumption
sparest~Sparest
endearment's~endearment's
trickery~tromperie
brushstroke~coup de pinceau
confederate's~de confédérés
leap~saut
rebuffing~rebuter
treadle's~de pédale
overexciting~surexciter
air~air
round~rond
involuntariness~non volontaire
inshore~côtier
pinhead's~pinhead de
clangorous~retentissant
segmentation's~segmentation de
pencilling~crayonné
Laurel's~Lauriers
confronting~face
wadded~ouatée
bismuth's~bismuth de
Noreen's~Noreen de
rabbis~rabbins
builds~construit
defrauding~defrauding
Landsat's~Landsat de
screens~écrans
Seville~Séville
ponytails~ponytails
reinstated~rétabli
inebriate's~de inebriate
sagging~affaissement
windbags~hâbleurs
revelation~révélation
preferences~préférences
roof's~toit de
dunes~dunes
kudzu's~Années kudzu
plugs~bouchons
Perelman~Perelman
songwriter's~auteur-compositeur de
pensions~pensions
Louella~Louella
admissibility~recevabilité
wolfs~wolfs
transpiration~transpiration
Khabarovsk~Khabarovsk
poet's~poète de
Baal~Baal
heme's~de l'hème
quadrangular~quadrangulaire
overflight's~survols de
clearways~prolongements dégagés
idolatry~idolâtrie
literature's~la littérature de
unpronounceable~imprononçable
Gielgud's~Gielgud de
plexuses~plexus
turbojets~turboréacteurs
presence~présence
acerbate~exacerber
taupe~taupe
loped~loppé
rotation's~rotation de
asperities~aspérité
arctic~Arctique
gust's~gust's
jerkin's~Années GILET
Brigid's~Brigid
millstone~meule
mixed~mixte
titan~Titan
tolerates~tolère
resisting~résistant
atonement's~expiation de
titch~titch
family's~family's
amnesic's~amnésiques de
stickier~collantes
Orange's~Des oranges
Pole~Pôle
reassurances~réassurances
chaired~sous la présidence
viscount~vicomte
Reverend~Révérend
Augustus's~d'Auguste
infinitesimally~infinitésimale
blanching~blanchissement
lapwing~vanneau
apolitically~apolitique
Orval's~Orval de
crematories~crematories
Blackpool~Blackpool
slumlord~slumlord
vulnerably~vulnérablement
mocha~moka
iterates~itère
NeWS~Nouvelles
predominant~prédominant
Pena~Pena
steelworks~aciérie
Bovary's~Bovary
reproving~réprobateur
weedkiller~désherbant
aggrieves~lèse
Dolby's~Dolby de
trade's~métiers
cogent~convaincant
Parsons's~Parsons de
privatisation's~privatisation de
GP's~GPS
maltiest~maltiest
spinner~fileur
Willie's~Frissons
frigate's~frigate's
radiologist~radiologue
Madeleine's~Madeleine
howls~hurle
dermatology~dermatology
annotation~annotation
pontoons~pontons
dieting~dieting
surliest~surliest
Turin's~Turin en
Popeye~Popeye
kickball~kickball
contributes~contributes
messages~messages
plumping~repulpant
liking~penchant
hassling~hassling
Therese~Thérèse
Zn~Zn
retypes~retape
standouts~standouts
army's~l'armée de
lanthanum~lanthane
overhands~overhands
humanest~humanest
javelin's~javelot de
baker~boulanger
quoiting~quoiting
sickish~sickish
syndicalists~syndicalistes
grove~grove
mantling~lambrequins
England's~ANGLETERRE
polygon~polygone
gerrymandered~gerrymandered
pretax~avant impôts
boutique~boutique
terrine~terrine
Utahans~Utahans
dispatches~dispatches
vociferated~vociféra
millage's~millage de
veer's~Années Veer
smokehouse~fumoir
Melchior~melchior
sequestrating~séquestrant
comprising~comprenant
torturer~tortionnaire
Nichole's~Nichole de
stauncher~stauncher
bewilderingly~effarante
students~élèves
stepmother's~belle-mère
Sinai~Sinaï
alabaster~albâtre
Cal~Cal
pillow~oreiller
invincibility~invincibilité
Flint's~Flint de
impracticable~impraticable
coronals~coronals
knobbiest~knobbiest
trim's~l'assiette de
patties~galettes
orbital's~orbitale de
mow~tondre
Durer~Durer
Escher~Escher
siding~revêtement extérieur
panache's~panache de
unseat~désarçonner
insisted~insisté sur le fait
destructibility~destructibility
Chianti's~Chianti de
Windex~Windex
Zimmerman~Zimmerman
philanthropic~philanthropique
flibbertigibbet~flibbertigibbet
diesel~diesel
contraindicate~contraindicate
boards~planches
Forester's~Forester
Baltic~baltique
relaxing~relaxant
scapegoating~scapegoating
hence~Par conséquent
prepositions~Prépositions
flimflamming~flimflamming
rubdown's~rubdown de
phonetic~phonétique
Jahangir~Jahangir
unsophisticated~simple
musicale's~Années musicale
weatherstrip~lécheur
buyers~acheteurs
baluster~balustre
subsection~paragraphe
Yorkshire's~Yorkshire de
clobber's~de clobber
clix~clix
warlock's~de Warlock
Barcelona~Barcelone
schist's~de schisteux
lighten~alléger
bucklers~boucliers
prophecy's~prophétie de
presetting~prépositionnement
Hawaii~Hawaii
equerries~equerries
snowbanks~congères
opine~émettre l'avis
unclothing~unclothing
chanted~scandaient
vagina~vagin
mantra~mantra
hoodwinked~bernés
saga's~La saga
misinterpretation's~une mauvaise interprétation de
Reese~Reese
phlegmatically~flegmatiquement
filibustering~filibustering
breams~brèmes
directional~directional
Netherlands's~Pays-Bas de
Herder~Herder
gauntlet~gauntlet
feelings~feelings
Graciela's~Graciela de
related~en relation
afters~afters
floridness~floridness
peacekeeping~maintien de la paix
unprecedented~sans précédent
gasping~gasping
tittle's~Tittle de
haze~brume
paragraphs~paragraphes
onions~oignons
barbarously~barbarement
Montessori~Montessori
machinate~machiner
Charles~Charles
avitaminosis~avitaminose
sandblasted~sablée
retaliating~représailles
fen~fen
Shropshire's~Shropshire de
billingsgate~Billingsgate
nonexplosive~non explosif
straggler~traînard
gaucho's~gaucho's
garnisheed~garnisheed
undergraduates~étudiants de premier cycle
sidelights~feux de position
collateral's~de garantie
apocalypse's~Apocalypse de
wannest~wannest
informational~d'information
pacify~pacifier
regressing~régressant
continuum's~continuum's
Goolagong~Goolagong
stalking~harcèlement criminel
dissimilar~dissimilar
mudroom~mudroom
freckling~freckling
watermill's~moulin à eau de
augers~tarières
molten~fondu
enrolment's~enrolment's
sourness's~de sourness
gawping~gawping
hopeless~désespéré
bluffly~bluffly
deficits~deficits
irate~furieux
overdosed~surdosé
reconsidering~reconsidérant
albino~albinos
sieve's~tamis de
bungs~bondes
jeering~sarcasmes
changelings~Changelings
mismatched~ne correspondent pas
raptures~ravissements
should~devrait
precariousness's~précarité de
danced~danced
lewdness~obscénité
carotids~carotides
impeachments~destitutions
robocalls~robocalls
Wolsey~Wolsey
eavesdropper's~eavesdropper's
labium's~labium de
disambiguation~disambiguation
cosseted~cosseted
extrication~extrication
zinfandel's~Zinfandel de
syllabic~syllabique
Hamitic's~Hamitic de
muffs~chancelières
Ollie~Ollie
urinal~urinoir
skits~sketches
leapfrogging~leapfrogging
activated~activé
hotting~Hotting
binocular~binoculaire
webbing's~sangle de
printable~imprimable
Pembroke's~Pembroke de
titbit~potin
Comanches~Comanches
chastises~châtie
unmanlier~unmanlier
appositeness~apposition
fuselages~fuselages
cylinder~cylinder
beacon's~balise de
rapeseed's~colza de
scrolled~défilement
resewn~refaire la couture
format's~format's
assassins~assassins
copulative~copulative
superstore~hypermarché
titlist~Champion du Monde
Muppet's~Muppet de
declawing~declawing
manioc's~de manioc
potholder~manique
pornographers~pornographes
Bakunin~Bakounine
intravenous's~intraveineuse de
Galvani's~Galvani de
known~connu
fair~fair
irremediable~irrémédiable
Dartmouth~Dartmouth
kingliest~kingliest
degrees~degrees
bopped~bopped
readerships~lectorats
glob~glob
Hrothgar~Hrothgar
Geiger~Geiger
Hovhaness's~hovhaness de
annual~annuel
disc's~disc's
typographers~typographes
Barcelona's~BARCELONE
Cheryl's~Cheryl
servitors~Liturges
Marianne~Marianne
scorelines~refentes
mailings~mailings
Buddhist's~bouddhiste de
mollycoddles~mollycoddles
reeducate~rééduquer
Tallahassee~Tallahassee
rangier~rangier
plagiarising~plagier
playhouse's~de salle de spectacle
Bengali~bengali
Williams's~Williams de
nitration~nitration
enlarging~enlarging
withdraw~se désister
jollies~jollies
marmot's~Marmot
Ouijas~Ouijas
batter's~pâte de
requisite~requis
exerts~exerts
behaves~se comporte
picador's~picador de
spoonerism's~de spoonerism
vertiginous~vertigineux
denominating~denominating
Cathy's~Cathy
gingerbread's~gingerbread's
Henson's~Henson
inanimateness's~inanimé de
antonym~antonyme
unobstructed~dégagée
SAP~SÈVE
forbear~forbear
doorjambs~doorjambs
Saskatoon~Saskatoon
middle~milieu
coverall's~coverall's
Marxism~marxisme
dew's~dew's
novice's~novice de
seashell~coquillage
nightcap~bonnet de nuit
embraced~embraced
Lombardi~Lombardi
untalented~untalented
he'd~il avait
Vietminh's~Vietminh de
Orlando's~Orlando de
openhandedness's~libéralité de
ditty's~ditty's
keying~clavetage
disengages~disengages
beauteous~beau
NASDAQ~NASDAQ
disadvantaging~disadvantaging
dillydallying~dillydallying
beneath~sous
Senior~Sénior
architraves~architraves
toadstool's~Toadstool de
quashing~annulation
pressurising~pressurisation
rewritten~réécrite
pergola~pergola
modem~modem
hyperspaces~hyperespaces
innuendos~insinuations
missives~missives
breadcrumb~miette de pain
respiring~respirantes
overfond~overfond
Porto~Porto
Ehrenberg~Ehrenberg
speechifies~pérore
consistency~cohérence
slave's~des esclaves
doc~doc
acrylics~résines acryliques
fucker~fucker
incarnadining~incarnadining
didn't~didn't
slantingly~obliquement
sandalwood's~de bois de santal de
ensembles~ensembles
Riviera~Riviera
Thessalonian~Thessaloniciens
incinerator's~incinérateur de
retry~recommencez
overawe~intimider
stint's~passage de
bung~bonde
enhanced~enhanced
thumbnail~la vignette
vaunting~vantant
palazzi~palazzi
venally~venally
tip~pointe
brittlest~brittlest
schleps~Schleps
tricolours~tricolores
paymaster~caissier
kola~kola
Snider~Snider
sickroom~chambre de malade
immutability's~immuabilité de
blamed~blâmé
pity~pitié
markdown~réduction
contamination's~contamination's
chinless~menton
barbies~barbies
groyne's~groyne's
Walkman~Baladeur
spotlessness~spotlessness
wunderkinds~wunderkinds
weekly's~de la semaine
mailing~envoi postal
mated~accouplés
dourly~dourly
bounciest~bounciest
wingspread's~Wingspread de
ems~ems
deflection~deflection
protector~protecteur
chickweed~mouron
emplacement's~emplacement's
Juliette's~Juliette
haberdasher~haberdasher
heirs~héritiers
bassoons~bassons
actuaries~actuaires
disencumbered~disencumbered
dainty~dainty
coiffed~coiffed
nuanced~nuancée
shilling~shilling
nitpicking~tatillonne
ecstasies~ecstasies
freeloading~freeloading
sovereignty's~la souveraineté de
monetise~monétiser
triennials~triennales
Cerenkov's~Cerenkov de
deceased~deceased
outbursts~explosions
maharajah's~maharajah de
Calais~Calais
drown~drown
puke's~Puke de
flan~flan
corvette~corvette
scald~ébouillanter
tsarists~tsaristes
realigns~réaligne
quarantine's~de quarantaine
extolled~extolled
coalesces~coalesce
switcher's~commutateur de
workaholics~bourreaux de travail
fusion's~fusion's
duress~duress
considerateness's~considerateness de
hum's~hum de
FUDs~Fuds
baling~bottelage
melt~fondre
fluster's~fluster's
Gena's~Gena de
typists~dactylos
nonmember~non membre
geology~geology
marinated~marinés
nationally~nationalement
lucrativeness's~lucrativité de
shrines~sanctuaires
cleanable~nettoyable
architects~architectes
logs~journaux
obtains~obtient
friendships~friendships
tailored~adapté
reenlist~reenlist
Susan's~Susan
myrtles~myrtes
steppingstone~tremplin
turbot's~de turbot
Everette~Everette
bobcat's~le lynx roux de
concludes~conclut
e'en~e'en
grovels~grovels
drubber's~drubber's
tallboys~Grands garçons
caulked~calfeutré
vociferating~vociférant
viscosity's~de viscosité
Ahmadabad~Ahmadabad
Shinto~Shinto
evils~evils
flexion~flexion
mealy~farineux
preface's~préface de
carfare~carfare
sacrum's~sacrum de
Formica's~Formica de
affray's~rixe de
billets~billettes
nonclerical's~nonclerical de
nocturne~nocturne
regexp~regexp
smoothness~douceur
contentions~contentions
marmoreal~marmoréen
counterfeited~counterfeited
meiosis~méiose
wuss's~lavette de
bug~punaise
impregnation~imprégnation
prescripts~proscrits
slab~dalle
magic~la magie
proliferate~proliférer
melodic~mélodique
Dillinger's~Dillinger de
versatility~versatilité
mauve's~mauve de
dramas~dramas
belittlement~rabaissement
Nadine's~Nadine
clacked~claqua
consignment~consignation
tallness~hauteur
steno's~de sténo
resilient~résilient
thankful~reconnaissant
dunghill's~dunghill's
undulation~ondulation
Hilton~Hilton
ballyhooed~battage médiatique
Pisistratus's~Pisistrate de
lambastes~vilipende
wondered~demandé
guesting~guesting
outskirt~périphérie
wurst~Wurst
Reuben's~Reuben
potatoes~patates
tangelo's~tangelo de
larks~alouettes
beheaded~décapités
counterrevolutionary~counterrevolutionary
Beirut~Beyrouth
shies~Shies
extent's~extent's
chippies~chippies
granduncle~granduncle
errant~errant
foamiest~foamiest
unpressed~unpressed
farmstead's~farmstead's
skid~déraper
Linotype's~Linotype de
buckboard~buckboard
Proudhon~proudhon
overclock~overclock
stanchest~stanchest
giddier~giddier
punk~punk
reinforcement~renforcement
sanctimony's~moralisateurs de
paintboxes~paintboxes
Eltanin~Eltanin
bisect~couper en deux
inventoried~inventoriés
Stygian's~Stygian de
nightstick's~nightstick de
Tsongkhapa's~Tsongkhapa de
muscularly~musculairement
faceted~faceted
woolliness's~de laineux
passel~passel
azalea's~Années azalées
cutworm's~cutworm's
relishing~savourant
teethes~teethes
image~image
naivety's~de naïveté
communes~communes
undercut~saper
saltines~saltines
worthies~Dignes
skimming~écrémage
kickoff's~coup d'envoi de
inconveniences~inconvénients
strut's~années entretoise
reducing~réduire
intestines~intestins
mortarboard~mortier
foreordain~foreordain
backcloths~toiles de fond
Botswana~Botswana
salted~salé
squab~pigeonneau
choroids~choroïde
Benjamin~Benjoin
justest~plus juste
spunk~cran
dewy~dewy
assistant~assistant
revocations~révocations
backstabbing~backstabbing
miscue~méprises
tonality~tonalité
cupid's~cupid's
giggliest~giggliest
jinn~djinns
deeper~deeper
exurbia's~exurbia's
icicle~stalactite
fractious~fractious
noel's~Noël de
Greensboro's~Greensboro de
politicises~politise
kept~conservé
sludge's~boues de
Baathist~baasiste
riced~riced
evasion~evasion
diversifying~diversifying
gunner's~gunner's
fifes~fifes
emigrant's~emigrant's
revival~la relance
twinges~élancements
preachment's~de preachment
mound~monticule
merganser~harle
amorality's~de l'amoralité
Celsius's~Celsius de
heftiest~heftiest
immunisation~immunisation
Chandigarh's~Chandigarh de
spoiling~gâterie
semimonthly's~est bimensuelle
scammer~arnaqueur
syncopation's~de syncopes
Bismark~Bismark
lambasting~fustigeant
Goldwyn~Goldwyn
boomeranged~boomerang
slaveholder~slaveholder
browse~Feuilleter
docudrama's~docudrama's
Santana~Santana
ibis's~ibis de
Hendrix's~Hendrix
stripteasing~stripteasing
agate's~agate de
vagrants~vagabondage
satiation's~assouvissement de
Cathleen's~Cathleen de
arboretums~arboretums
dodged~dodged
sailing's~de la voile
bail~caution
as~comme
aplomb~aplomb
binary's~binaire de
platoon~section
Terence's~Terence de
inboards~inboards
soldiery's~de soldatesque
closeness's~proximité de
cyclopedias~cyclopedias
dangle~dangle
oncogene~oncogène
beggary's~de la mendicité
milers~milers
embitters~embitters
coughs~coughs
fail's~fail's
pregnant~Enceinte
sibilant~sifflant
perambulating~ambulant
Melinda~Melinda
Boccaccio~Boccaccio
bellowed~beugla
bedbug's~punaises
jowl~bajoue
upchucked~upchucked
peacemaking's~de rétablissement de la paix
pantheist~panthéiste
Rieslings~rieslings
atheism's~de l'athéisme
fragility's~fragility's
Liz~Liz
jumbles~pêle-mêle
criticising~criticising
kingpins~chevilles ouvrières
sexagenarian~sexagenarian
Teuton's~teuton de
madders~garances
holiest~le plus saint
vilely~vilement
xeroxes~Copieuses, xerox
ritually~rituellement
TN~TN
reinterpretations~réinterprétations
Corinthian's~corinthien de
substantially~substantiellement
floozies~floozies
Rosalinda's~Rosalinda de
strewed~strewed
gauge~gauge
hundredth~centième
breakage's~rupture de
Hart~Cerf
prognostication~pronostic
hammier~hammier
temperaments~tempéraments
Sendai's~Sendai de
foppish~foppish
CATV~CATV
amp~amp
botulinum~botulique
Powhatan's~Powhatan de
moraliser~moraliser
sponsor's~commanditaire
alludes~fait allusion
defendants~defendants
bagful~sac plein
betrayer~trompeur
valentine~Valentin
deleted~deleted
interfaith~inter-religieux
lament~complainte
arras~arras
perdurable~perdurable
colonist's~de colonist
shirted~shirted
Hughes~Hughes
Mahavira~Mahavira
derailleur~derailleur
palliates~pallie
scurvy's~scorbut de
misdealing~misdealing
Bonneville's~BONNEVILLE
roans~rouans
transfinite~transfinite
edification~edification
barhops~barhops
vocable's~de vocable
foiling~foiling
spec~spec
notifications~notifications
mutiny~mutinerie
director~director
seedy~miteux
SRO~SRO
incentives~des incitations
washer's~rondelle de
dud's~dud's
unhandiest~unhandiest
whinge~whinge
Soddy's~Soddy de
marabou's~Années marabou
Condorcet's~Condorcet
replenishes~redensifie
legalisation's~légalisation de
telegraphs~télégraphes
voluptuousness~voluptés
cuddly~cuddly
boonies~boonies
brutalising~déshumanisant
Michael~Michael
message~message
civilities~civilités
despises~despises
stool's~selles
josh~Josh
injures~blesse
blathered~noirci des
waggled~agita
apparition~apparition
flashcubes~flashcubes
deputing~deputing
bacteria~bactéries
swindled~escroqués
Na's~Na de
Sisyphean's~de Sisyphe
solute's~soluté de
prosier~prosier
hypersensitivities~hypersensibilités
shaver~rasoir
anemones~anémones
nobles~nobles
caking~agglomérant
psychs~psychs
Jody's~Jody de
sneer's~ricanement de
monitored~suivi
dawned~dawned
repellent's~répulsif de
intercessor's~Années intercesseur
Paracelsus~Paracelse
elderberry's~elderberry's
falls~falls
restrainer~restrainer
originates~son origine
Underwood's~Underwood
outstay~rester plus longtemps que
brownest~plus brune
nailbrush~brosse à ongles
respectively~respectivement
castrations~castrations
graduations~graduations
couriers~couriers
gladioli~gladioli
cerise's~Cerise de
reliance's~dépendance à l'égard de
Goodrich~Goodrich
Munch~Croquer
rotations~rotations
disposes~disposes
ravishment~ravissement
Bierce~Bierce
oversight's~la surveillance de
spinnakers~spinnakers
sprout's~choux
hereof~de ceci
childlessness~infécondité
Unitarianism's~unitarisme de
inundating~inondait
stadiums~stades
surceases~surceases
disfranchise~disfranchise
fryers~fryers
combustible's~de combustibles
logiest~Logiest
unsorted~non triés
fester~fester
innovation's~de l'innovation
embellishes~embellishes
assembles~assemble
hatchery~couvoir
misinterpretation~interprétation erronée
vicar~vicaire
embroiderer's~embroiderer's
hunk's~de gros morceau
ropiest~ropiest
hardship~hardship
shakiest~plus précaire
admix~mélanger
prizewinner~gagnant du prix
Guyanese's~guyanais de
ulsters~ulsters
maverick's~maverick
dainties~dainties
northwester~northwester
clannishness's~de clanisme
Ramayana's~Années Ramayana
feline's~feline's
thievery~vol
Schrodinger~schrodinger
curly~curly
poorness's~de mauvaise qualité
arbitraged~arbitrés
holsters~Holsters
mailbomb~mailbomb
noninclusive~noninclusive
lionises~lionises
choosiest~choosiest
test's~Testons
issue's~problèmes
batching~batching
olive~olive
quadratic's~du second degré de
edit's~edit's
heaths~bruyères
reception's~la réception de
cockchafers~hannetons
woodworkers~menuisiers
geeks~geeks
bibliographers~bibliographes
gametes~gametes
edible~edible
carefullest~carefullest
contractions~contractions
toneless~sans timbre
grocery's~grocery's
bebops~bebops
Baden's~Baden de
logon~se connecter
bathyscaphe's~bathyscaphe de
luridness's~luridness de
knotting~nouage
ensuring~ensuring
illnesses~les maladies
indirect~indirect
yep~oui
cricketers~cricketers
coequal's~de paritaires
ably~habilement
snobbishness's~de snobisme
urns~urnes
cinchona's~quinquina de
shortish~assez petit
stroke~accident vasculaire cérébral
absurdity's~absurdité de
bunco~bunco
loiterers~flâneurs
weatherstripping~froid
Buxtehude~Buxtehude
shaves~rasages
labelling~étiquetage
pinto's~pinto de
cheerfully~gaiement
declination~declination
transversely~transversalement
subaqua~Subaqua
rapidity's~la rapidité de
tangelo~tangelo
restiveness~restiveness
hooky's~buissonnières de
traffic~circulation
repertoire~répertoire
Campbell~Campbell
suppressor's~suppression de
millionth~millionième
oceangoing~de haute mer
cathedral~cathédrale
decliners~decliners
complacency~complaisance
Schneider~Schneider
Afrocentric~afrocentrique
Vicky's~Vicky de
timberline~timberline
repeater's~répéteur de
wefts~duites
convict~convict
wildcats~wildcats
cussedness~cussedness
shes~shes
Rickey~Rickey
begrudge~rechigner
hundred's~Hundred
byword's~raillerie de
joiner's~COUPER EN
funnel~funnel
rive~déchirer
metempsychosis's~métempsychose de
raffles~tirages au sort
unfaithfulness~unfaithfulness
outfoxing~outfoxing
mandatory~obligatoire
chimeric~chimère
Spackle~spackle
festival~festival
assist~aider
obligate~obliger
univ~univ
pissed~bourré
galleria's~galleria's
statementing~statementing
prohibition~interdiction
quintupling~quintupler
multiplexing~multiplexage
system~système
Argonaut~Argonaute
Malory~Malory
tunneller~tunnelier
tub~cuve
Saundra's~Saundra de
transoms~impostes
dyadic~dyadic
cobwebby~trappe
betters~parieurs
chunkiness's~de chunkiness
waterworks~station hydraulique
lithesome~souple
Sandra~Sandra
decremented~decremented
inexpedience's~impétuosité de
logbook~registre
attestation~attestation
mammogram~mammographie
bouquet~bouquet
conformer~conformère
postulate~postulat
reoccurred~réapparus
fleshpot's~fleshpot's
Mabel~Mabel
encrusted~encrusted
precautionary~de précaution
Spartacus~Spartacus
empowers~empowers
closeup's~gros plans
newline~nouvelle ligne
polisher~polisseur
pedalling~pédalage
misshapen~difforme
subtenant~sous-locataire
sensibly~sensiblement
waxier~waxier
seeders~semoirs
pussycat~minou
puddings~puddings
subjectivity's~sa subjectivité
unadulterated~pur
cyclonic~cyclonic
Dominicans~Dominicains
Swahili's~Années Swahili
Knopf's~Knopf de
wort~moût
incs~incs
renascence's~de renascence
idyllically~idylliquement
camouflaging~camouflant
coquetries~coquetries
distillers~distillers
prefecture's~préfecture de
acquirement's~de acquirement
numerates~numerates
flapjacks~flapjacks
circuited~circuitée
rattler~crotale
judicature's~judicature de
billion's~milliards de
aftercare's~postcure de
Sophia's~Sophia
vanquish~vaincre
stander~Stander
elector's~elector's
Dietrich's~Dietrich
viewpoint's~point de vue de
toadyism's~de flagornerie
pop~pop
swoop's~swoop de
tremor~tremblement
epsilon~epsilon
reappearing~réapparaissant
anarchistic~anarchisant
marshalling~triage
inoffensive~inoffensif
shrewish~acariâtre
appeases~apaise
commemoration~commémoration
peccadilloes~peccadilles
Ilene~Ilene
craziest~craziest
marquees~marquises
gimcracks~gimcracks
pumped~pompé
title~Titre
Alissa's~Alissa de
marjoram~marjolaine
quietism~quiétisme
majoritarian~majoritaire
preshrank~preshrank
how's~comment est
keypuncher's~keypuncher de
thunderer's~Thunderer de
perfume's~parfums
tidewaters~tidewaters
revolvable~revolvable
liquefy~liquéfier
behaviour~comportement
cooperativeness~cooperativeness
bricks~briques
stirrer's~agitateur de
Chaldea~Chaldée
nestles~blottit
Niger's~celle du Niger
recede~reculer
Boyle~Boyle
tsunami's~tsunami de
simulacra~simulacres
mousetrapping~mousetrapping
Ur~Ur
renunciation~renonciation
simper~minauder
bedside's~chevet de
Sumeria~Sumer
hauler~transporteur
noticeboards~panneaux d'affichage
rupture's~rupture de
hernia's~de hernie
Lambert~Lambert
rightly~justement
quaff~boire
roundup's~tour d'horizon de
lamina~lame
irrelevant~sans importance
smartly~intelligemment
unbranded~unbranded
spottiest~spottiest
tracheotomy~trachéotomie
valuables~objets de valeur
continentals~continentals
seam's~couture de
jut~saillie
imam's~Imam
abhors~abhorre
calculators~calculatrices
division's~division's
stumbler~stumbler
mercantilism~mercantilisme
Yoknapatawpha~Yoknapatawpha
concertina~concertina
shiftiness~manque de franchise
sublimes~sublimée
Elvia~Elvia
nacelle~nacelle
batten's~liteau de
scrog~sCROG
brother~frère
hegemonic~hégémonique
belfry~beffroi
whiled~whiled
Germanic's~germaniques de
bridgework~bridgework
Rachael~Rachael
enrolled~enrolled
delvers~delvers
acculturating~acculturant
herbicides~herbicides
insecurities~insécurités
spoilsport~rabat-joie
abode~demeure
gunge~gunge
gulf~gulf
airguns~airguns
providence's~providence de
intervocalic~intervocalique
jades~jades
Jared's~Jared
neoclassicism~néoclassicisme
Moseley's~Moseley de
refurbished~Remis à neuf
oleaginous~oléagineux
Yoko~Yoko
lesbianism's~de lesbianisme
Slovene~slovène
expectorates~expectorates
Robson~Robson
overprint's~surimpression de
mirrors~miroirs
surveillance~surveillance
changer's~changeur de
giblets~giblets
Renaissance's~Renaissance de
Lafitte~Lafitte
detouring~detouring
calving~mise bas
pm~pm
tint's~teinte de
avenge~venger
astrolabe~astrolabe
screwdriver's~tournevis de
statuettes~statuettes
laboriousness~pénibilité
knotted~nouée
morocco's~Maroc de
apprenticeship~apprentissage
Einsteins~einstein
Canaan's~Canaan de
zingier~zingier
dapple's~dapple's
cravenness~cravenness
intrusion's~intrusion de
Pablum's~Pablum de
Howells's~Années Howells
starless~sans étoiles
curie~curie
cattery~chatterie
dopamine~dopamine
sushi's~: sushi
tidewater~Tidewater
spout~bec
savagely~sauvagement
binge's~frénésie de
tinware~articles en fer blanc
allayed~apaisées
marrying~mariage
aspidistra's~aspidistra de
applesauce~Compote de pommes
counterparts~counterparts
Cancun's~Cancun de
comic's~des bandes dessinées
ear's~ear's
somersetted~somersetted
Alcatraz~Alcatraz
overloaded~surchargé
DVR~DVR
KGB's~KGB de
federalisation~federalisation
Owen's~Owen
ministrations~ministrations
deported~deported
nutritionist~nutritionniste
unfaltering~unfaltering
query~question
suddenness~soudaineté
Frisbee~frisbee
Brummel~Brummel
bugle's~clairon de
destines~destines
tuque~tuque
Tamerlane's~Tamerlan
charabancs~chars à bancs
dentition's~dentition's
whiskered~moustac
disobliging~disobliging
bestowing~conférant
reliability's~la fiabilité de
theatrically~scéniquement
pawns~pions
qualm's~Années Qualm
Qaddafi~Khadafi
leisurewear's~leisurewear de
mamboed~mamboed
murmured~murmurait
turpentine~essence de térébenthine
specialisation's~spécialisation de
Mahavira's~Mahavira de
resolver~résolveur
Egypt~Egypte
colourway~colourway
salad's~salades
Heisman~Heisman
Crow~corbeau
beasts~bêtes
piddles~piddles
deleverages~deleverages
arthroscopy~arthroscopie
Carpenter's~Carpenter
clove~Clou de girofle
folio~folio
patty's~petit pâté
jigging~pêche à la dandinette
deportees~deportees
posers~frimeurs
darkness's~darkness's
afflicted~affligé
extrovert~extrovert
grieving~grieving
unappropriated~unappropriated
unfashionably~unfashionably
biplane's~biplan de
shorts~short
jitterbugger~jitterbugger
tended~tendance
Issachar's~Issachar de
detailing~detailing
rival~rival
slaveholder's~de slaveholder
inclemency~intempérie
crustaceans~crustaceans
radiance~éclat
mawkishness~mièvreries
low's~bas de
moniker's~de sobriquet
miscount's~mécompte de
pastille~pastille
attitudinise~attitudinise
Allende's~Allende
sign's~signe de
fragmentation's~fragmentation's
man's~l'homme de
sought~recherché
madhouse~maison de fous
vagrant~vagabond
midways~midways
require~exiger
bronchi~bronches
feminines~feminines
Iraqis~Irakiens
O'Brien~O'Brien
gizzard's~gizzard's
drys~drys
bardic~bardes
gliding~gliding
hoots~hululements
parlayed~mis à profit
knickers~culotte
inklings~Inklings
impair~impair
painstaking's~de minutieux
sequel~suite
whipping~correction
begged~supplié
Malachi's~Malachie de
routine's~la routine
amongst~parmi
Eniwetok's~Eniwetok de
resembling~ressemblant
cranberry's~cranberry's
flak~flak
compatible's~compatible
fiasco's~fiasco's
slumberous~somnolent
oxbow's~méandre de
cnidarians~cnidaires
supersize~supersize
roughhouse~roughhouse
generically~generically
pedicure~pédicure
devastating~devastating
belle's~belle de
reductionist~réductionniste
presbyter~prêtre
infiltration's~l'infiltration de
Elastoplast's~Elastoplast de
compact~compact
waltzers~valseurs
truism's~truisme de
summer's~été de
Mecca's~Mecque
preparatory~préparatoire
kickball's~de kickball
Dayan~Dayan
tucks~plissés
comets~comètes
Quintilian's~Quintilien de
audio's~audio de
sweeper~balayeuse
flours~flours
vitrifaction~vitrification
outproduces~outproduces
combing~ratissage
frontispiece~frontispiece
tailor~tailleur
campaigns~campagnes
prospect~perspective
gullible~gullible
lightproof~étanche à la lumière
snare's~caisse claire de
butterballs~butterballs
quicksands~sables mouvants
leathers~cuirs
dreadnought~dreadnought
Meyers's~Meyers de
gay's~gay's
damask~damask
flashcube~flashcube
bather~baigneur
loam~terreau
messy~désordonné
unisex's~unisexe de
misanthropists~misanthropes
overcooked~trop cuit
battlefronts~battlefronts
cobber~cobber
percipient~percepteur
tutorials~tutoriels
hooter~sirène
multimillionaire~multimillionnaire
orzo's~Années orzo
Lucius~Lucius
arteriosclerosis's~de l'artériosclérose
defending~defending
singularity~singularité
overmastering~overmastering
redefinition's~redéfinition de
Lethe~Léthé
penguins~pingouins
reproachful~de reproche
sculleries~sculleries
wristbands~bracelets
existences~existences
grave's~grave's
peroxides~peroxydes
epaulettes~epaulettes
Norw~Norv
mothballs~naphtaline
torrid~torride
Clarendon's~Clarendon
neurally~neurale
imported~importé
stabber's~stabber de
trencher's~trancheuse de
exhumes~exhumes
wisps~feux follets
wintry~hivernal
initial~initiale
Lorna~Lorna
subbed~subbed
warehoused~entreposée
leapfrogged~leapfrogged
birdseed~birdseed
premiere's~Première de
lxvii~LXVII
logouts~déconnexions
concord's~concord de
disquisitions~disquisitions
Aconcagua's~Aconcagua de
Douala~Douala
transoceanic~transocéanique
docket's~docket's
ruminate~ruminer
Shrek's~Shrek
transiting~transitant
sulphuric~sulfurique
cellulite's~de la cellulite
misogynous~misogynes
Icelander~Islandais
outlaw~hors la loi
jumbo~géant
rosebuds~rosebuds
couples~couples
trimmed~parés
fibula's~fibula's
circularity's~de circularité
calculating~calculateur
downpour's~downpour's
inbuilt~intégré
Leila's~Leila
resolutely~résolument
sot~SOT
gynaecology~gynaecology
towpath's~de halage
grandma's~grandma's
emphases~emphases
teleport~téléportation
peyote~peyotl
scourge~fléau
Kelly's~Kelly
bluepoint's~Bluepoint de
fretfully~fretfully
Hubert~Hubert
ameliorating~SOULAGEMENT
mules~mules
smellier~smellier
Glenlivet's~Glenlivet de
duskier~duskier
codependent~codépendance
ingratiation's~ingratiation de
Christendom~chrétienté
Joshua's~Joshua
Hollands~Hollands
irreconcilability's~de irréconciliable
whaleboats~baleinières
revisions~révisions
Hawthorne's~Hawthorne
glen's~glen's
mac~Mac
opportunist~opportuniste
Ricardo~Ricardo
meteorite~météorite
Aimee~Aimee
fairgrounds~fairgrounds
marginalise~marginaliser
bill's~factures
brilliant's~est brillant
bridleway~bridleway
tenant~locataire
cruddier~cruddier
Wyomingite~Wyomingite
mismanage~mal gérer
particularly~particulièrement
globular~globular
bobble~pompon
parabola~parabole
joyfuller~joyfuller
sergeants~sergents
retinues~cortèges
critiqued~critiqued
Parnassus's~Parnasse de
lumpen~lumpen
voluntary's~de volontaires
diversion~diversion
Chesterton's~Chesterton
Scotchman's~Scotchman de
parentage's~de filiation
antimacassars~têtières
hijacking~otage
fraudster~fraudster
embassy's~embassy's
appertaining~dépendances, appartenant
bound~lié
regrouping~regroupement
MacArthur~MacArthur
bivouacking~bivouaquer
Maya~Maya
sailor's~marin de
calyx's~calices de
tamer~dompteur
cannelloni's~cannelloni de
colonelcy's~colonelcy de
tremble's~tremblent de
subsection's~paragraphe de
acquittal~acquittement
Jamal's~Jamal de
DWI~DWI
Namath's~Namath de
irritants~irritants
thermodynamics's~de la thermodynamique
kolas~Kolas
shoetree~chaussure arbre
attributes~les attributs
ineffectually~inefficacement
bilberry~myrtille
quarterstaff's~de quarterstaff
monkshoods~monkshoods
quicksteps~Quicksteps
fundamentalist's~fundamentalist's
flintlock~flintlock
Brit~Brit
hammiest~hammiest
limb's~Limb de
mounting~montage
crevices~crevices
tongue~langue
snood~snood
Wren~Roitelet
Vulcan's~Vulcain de
Coleman~Coleman
attentive~attentif
pounced~se sont jetés
venality's~de vénalité
washbowl's~Années LAVABO
globetrotter~globetrotter
PowerPoint~Power Point
trashes~trashes
brow~front
Ollie's~Ollie de
overbalancing~déséquilibrer
resoluteness's~de resoluteness
unwariness's~unwariness de
Kishinev~Kishinev
Stoicisms~Stoicisms
presentment~présentation
wildcatters~wildcatters
insinuation~insinuation
clerk's~commis de
Hasbro's~Hasbro de
Oldenburg~Oldenburg
imperials~Impériaux
vitae~vitae
certifies~certifie
Atlantis~Atlantis
byplay~byplay
Protestantism~protestantisme
fundamental~fundamental
wapitis~wapitis
buttonhole~boutonnière
mount~monter
watercress~cresson
bodybuilder's~bodybuilder de
Lowe's~Lowe
couchettes~couchettes
puppets~marionnettes
fleabag~fleabag
Goiania~Goiania
Glaser's~Glaser de
diagnosing~diagnosing
consoles~consoles
umiaks~oumiaks
Rosalyn's~Rosalyn de
queasiest~queasiest
AA~AA
lutetium's~de lutécium
wheres~wheres
effeteness~effeteness
secant's~sécantes de
Poland's~la Pologne
sandblasting~sablage
suspect's~du suspect
aped~APED
entity's~entity's
Juana's~Juana de
yore's~yore de
socialisation~socialisation
berrylike~bacciforme
sip~siroter
jarfuls~jarfuls
advocating~préconisant
wist~Wist
virology's~de virologie
conception's~conception de
upstaging~Upstaging
superiors~supérieurs
pebble's~galets de
landholder's~de propriétaire foncier
drakes~drakes
brawlers~bagarreurs
hailstorm~hailstorm
adorableness~adorableness
abnormality~anomalie
impossibility's~impossibilité de
optimism~optimisme
Manfred's~Manfred de
Maserati~Maserati
Ivy~Lierre
charter's~La charte de
crumble's~crumble's
campaign's~La campagne de
conditional~conditionnel
herpetologist~herpétologiste
gossip's~gossip's
bridles~brides
pleasings~pleasings
Lori's~Lori
tranquilliser's~tranquillisant de
effervesces~effervesces
UPS's~onduleurs
brainier~brainier
sage~sauge
sasses~sasses
Zoroaster's~Zoroastre
Minsk's~Minsk de
thirtieth's~trentième de
craning~craning
medium~moyen
cathode's~cathode de
colitis~colite
cohabiting~cohabitant
unlatched~déverrouillée
werewolves~loups-garous
irritant~irritant
motley~hétéroclite
missuses~missuses
multiplexer~multiplexeur
trickled~dégoulinait
sanctimoniousness's~de bigoterie
fanning~fanning
irksomely~irksomely
midwiferies~midwiferies
grade's~grade's
flock's~flock's
hydrophobia's~hydrophobie de
habituates~habituates
misfiles~misfiles
deports~deports
regaled~régalé
pretentiousness~prétention
Orin~Orin
competitor~concurrent
loader~chargeur
Wilberforce's~Wilberforce de
Cage's~cage
resinous~résineux
Nestle's~Nestlé
entreating~entreating
rechecked~revérifié
malted~malté
farmstead~farmstead
Ruth~Ruth
awkward~gênant
fanlights~fanlights
refaces~refaces
KO's~KO
Brattain's~Brattain de
slander~calomnie
scripture's~Écriture de
unpersuaded~pas convaincu
hipness~branchitude
sassafras's~Années sassafras
dovecot~dovecot
freebie~freebie
Mahfouz~mahfouz
tracker~traqueur
influenced~influencé
yoga~yoga
brazen~effronté
convulses~convulses
nostril~narine
pr~pr
pertained~rapportaient
scandium~scandium
stepfather~beau-père
MI's~Mis
Regor~Regor
exclusively~exclusively
sugarplum~Dragée
Terran~Terran
monogamy's~de la monogamie
nasturtiums~capucines
Nemesis's~Nemesis de
Natasha~Natasha
laterally~latéralement
spinelessness~veulerie
eliminated~eliminated
navvy~terrassier
fantasises~fantasises
captivator's~Captivator de
ragamuffin~gueux
suspicions~soupçons
Walpole's~Walpole
demigoddess's~demigoddess's
Spock~spock
stationer~papetier
Coriolanus~Coriolan
fuddled~fuddled
swearer~jureur
philanders~philanders
legwork's~de travail sur le terrain
microfibers~microfibres
boredom's~de l'ennui
reticent~réticent
knucklehead~knucklehead
sulphuring~sulfitage
sesquicentennial's~cent cinquantième anniversaire de
Newtonian's~de newtonienne
orthodontics~orthodontie
brown~marron
Cassie's~Cassie
enrolments~enrolments
Leary~Leary
Markham's~de Markham,
balling~balling
practitioners~praticiens
unseasonably~mal à propos
reanalysing~une nouvelle analyse
grounding's~grounding's
Marcie's~Marcie de
counsellors~counsellors
admixture~mélange
stowaways~passagers clandestins
creeper~creeper
slush~neige fondante
innings~tours de batte
julienne~juliennes
zooming~zoom
Bjork~Bjork
spic~hispano
xerographic~xérographique
dominion~dominion
forsakes~forsakes
upset's~est en colère
despondent~despondent
overprotecting~surprotéger
Apollinaire~Apollinaire
Lachesis~Lachesis
biopic's~biopic de
proscenium~proscenium
Vanderbilt's~Vanderbilt de
Uris~Uris
snailing~colimaçonnage
improbability~improbabilité
iterations~itérations
derrick~derrick
Spencer's~Spencer
callas~callas
travel~Voyage
hubris's~Années hubris
pecks~picore
Tet~Têt
sequitur~sequitur
profusely~abondamment
Tanya's~Tanya
faultiest~faultiest
unionised~syndiqué
cousin's~cousin's
scapulars~scapulaires
towing~remorquage
unacceptably~inacceptable
surname~nom de famille
kind~gentil
abbr~abbr
drippiest~drippiest
debater's~debater's
brickbat's~de brickbat
rhinestone's~strass de
preferment~preferment
Yalu's~Yalu de
asseverate~protester contre
Magellanic~magellanic
pedagogy's~de la pédagogie
aesthete~esthète
relative~relatif
luxuriates~complait
togetherness's~Ensemble de
vale's~vale de
tansy~tanaisie
flexible~flexible
dolling~dolling
Toyota~Toyota
adenine~adénine
ergonomically~ergonomically
Doberman's~Doberman de
covering's~covering's
italicises~italicises
puzzlers~puzzlers
Nationwide's~Nationwide
journalist's~jOURNALISTE
reexamines~réinterroge
Kodaly's~Kodaly de
stalk's~années tige
individualist~individualiste
bronc~cheval sauvage
fade's~fade's
Mullikan~Mullikan
owlish~d'hibou
barricade's~barricade de
sesames~SESAMES
lecithin~lécithine
Sheldon~Sheldon
paramour's~de paramour
sire~sire
Bloomfield's~Bloomfield
trucking~camionnage
awoke~éveillé
filming~filming
immoral~immoral
immortality's~de l'immortalité
anathematising~anathématisant
incurable's~de incurables
infinitive~infinitif
dome~dome
blueprint's~plan de
internationally~internationalement
morphology's~morphologie de
Josephson's~Josephson de
dejects~dejects
gizzards~gizzards
chipmunk~tamia
Bilbao's~Bilbao de
unguided~sans guide
engender~engender
idolise~idolâtrer
anemometers~anémomètres
supplicated~supplia
infarct~infarctus
councilman~councilman
bunkum's~foutaise de
burnout's~de burn-out
Saskatchewan~Saskatchewan
bounciness~bounciness
abets~se rend complice
Lorre's~Lorre de
myth~mythe
flogs~flogs
implants~implants
nudity~nudité
actinium's~de l'actinium
stiffened~raidi
proficients~progressants
beagle's~beagle de
dross~dross
firecracker~firecracker
caroms~carambolages
backed~backed
survivals~survivances
folic~folic
exclaiming~exclaiming
schmoozes~schmoozes
nonproductive~improductive
spinners~filateurs
loveliest~plus jolie
Chinese's~chinois de
pedestals~piédestaux
haled~haled
Kalmyk's~kalmouk de
toasties~toasties
wigwag's~WIGWAG de
ocelots~ocelots
missus's~Années Missus
scripting~scripts
shittier~shittier
graveyard~graveyard
multicoloured~multicolore
before~avant
sexually~sexuellement
twerp's~de twerp
alder's~aulne de
cataracts~la cataracte
variegation's~panachage de
bionically~bionically
buncos~buncos
nonporous~non poreux
metrics~métrique
crossbeams~crossbeams
slither~glisser
blundered~gaffé
Bernadine's~Bernadine de
pads~tampons
Peterson~Peterson
orate~discourir
arborvitaes~Arborvitaes
turbulently~régime turbulent
paragraph~paragraphe
syllabicates~syllabicates
Marisol's~Marisol de
swimsuit's~maillot de bain de
procurators~procurateurs
nattered~natté
nohow~aucunement
hickory~hickory
juryman's~de juré
Indy~Indy
curative's~curative's
apprenticed~apprentie
Basseterre's~Basseterre de
sodomise~sodomiser
thrilling~palpitant
roulette~roulette
nonreciprocating~nonreciprocating
disrespectfully~disrespectfully
aiming~visée
soiree's~soirée de
doodahs~doodahs
encystment's~encystment's
disappoints~disappoints
adulterers~adultères
launch~lancement
peopling~peuplant
tippler's~de tippler
blockheads~ganaches
tangle~enchevêtrement
disorient~disorient
lolloped~lolloped
cellulitis~cellulite
reattachment's~de recollement
wean~sevrer
housemasters~Housemasters
retaliatory~de représailles
eke~eke
centralist~centraliste
rebidding~nouvel appel d'offres
landlubbers~landlubbers
paralleled~en parallèle
dolour~dolour
finesses~finesses
guesstimate~guesstimate
megacycles~mégacycles
liaise~assurer la liaison
coyer~coyer
rudeness~impolitesse
tartar~tartre
burgeoning~en plein essor
powders~poudres
expropriation~expropriation
tactician~tacticien
relenting~relenting
Venezuelan~vénézuélien
counters~counters
shoetrees~embauchoirs
colonialists~colonialistes
teleprinter's~de téléscripteur
transit~transit
cosmonauts~cosmonauts
Nike~Nike
larceny's~de vol qualifié
Elinor~Elinor
premeditating~préméditer
Prius's~années Prius
corespondent's~corespondent's
minimalism~minimalisme
radiations~radiations
outgrowing~outgrowing
Felice's~Felice de
beauty~beauté
cushioned~cushioned
lacuna~lacune
dissolves~dissolves
subcommittee's~Sous-comité de
Suva's~Suva de
nonactive's~de non actifs
Hank~pelote
continue~continue
navigators~navigateurs
immune~immunitaire
sectional's~section de
roomfuls~roomfuls
preparation's~les préparatifs
Americans~les Américains
written~écrit
McVeigh~McVeigh
vaulting~voûte
checkmate's~Années Checkmate
excitability's~excitability's
scholars~savants
employers~employers
number's~Nombres
Barr's~Barr de
constituents~constituants
weirdness~étrangeté
conterminously~conterminously
Neanderthals~Néandertaliens
miaow's~miaou de
capitalists~capitalistes
accentual~accentual
fledgling's~fledgling's
drinkings~drinkings
procrastinator's~de procrastinator
roughhoused~roughhoused
NW~NW
wary~prudent
nineties~années nonante
jape's~Années Jape
filamentous~filamentous
bone's~des os
pyramided~cumul
oilman~pétrolier
causeless~sans cause
calibrated~calibré
tones~tons
bypasses~by-pass
teddies~teddies
fasten~fasten
ordeals~ordalies
metatarsus's~Années métatarse
crosspatches~crosspatches
viticulturist's~viticultrice de
crony~crony
acetone's~de l'acétone
fairground's~fairground's
tremolo~trémolo
coelenterate~coelentérés
trochees~trochées
disqualification~disqualification
mileages~kilométrages
Sachs~Sachs
repackage~reconditionner
morphia's~Années morphine
balm~baume
downhearted~downhearted
homecoming's~retour aux sources de
Mountbatten's~Mountbatten de
garner~garner
sliced~découpé en tranches
electrocardiogram's~electrocardiogram's
disproportion's~disproportion's
Estonia's~Estonie de
metastasises~métastases
unchanging~immuable
Paradise~paradis
glummest~glummest
rebound~rebond
lexicographer~lexicographe
mesomorph~mesomorph
untruly~untruly
imperial's~impériale de
tiptop~excellent
splashing~éclaboussures
cadre~cadre
copes~copes
lettered~lettré
conflicting~contradictoire
reveller's~de noceur
cornice~cornice
sleeves~manches
refers~fait référence
wardroom's~Années Wardroom
excellencies~excellencies
choosy~difficile à satisfaire
spot~place
agar's~agar
heartier~heartier
salute's~salut de
imbroglio~imbroglio
blimp~dirigeable
fishtails~fishtails
dogmatist's~dogmatist's
schooled~Schooled
elevation's~elevation's
rheostat's~rhéostat de
enjoining~enjoining
northeast~nord-est
supremacist's~de suprématiste
unmeant~involontaire
psychosis~psychose
supertankers~superpétroliers
wallpaper~fond d'écran
bittiest~bittiest
hiatuses~hiatus
bags~des sacs
wrestled~lutté
satiety's~de la satiété
teenybopper's~Années teenybopper
busby~bonnet à poil
tarnishing~ternissement
Collins's~Collins de
disharmonious~disharmonious
Viennese's~années viennoises
Ouagadougou's~Ouagadougou de
topknot's~Années Topknot
upped~fait monter
aching~douloureux
metabolises~Brûle
procrastination's~de la procrastination
molecules~molécules
unwelcoming~inhospitalier
bogyman's~bogyman de
wannabes~wannabes
decollete~decollete
appreciative~reconnaissant
magnitudes~grandeurs
physiology~physiologie
tortoises~tortues terrestres
teary~larmoyants
transfixes~transperce
cropper~cropper
foreignness~foreignness
pall~voile
give~give
Yukon's~YUKON
Malaysia's~Malaisie de
Algonquin's~Algonquins
productiveness~productiveness
malpractices~malversations
gastronomy's~gastronomy's
degrades~degrades
woad~guède
quarterfinals~quarts de finale
syllogistic~syllogistique
newsworthy~intérêt médiatique
reap~recueillir
slagging~scorification
swansongs~Swansongs
brigands~brigands
Hayes~Hayes
backgrounds~arrière-plans
fictionalisation~fictionalisation
moonbeam~rayon de lune
awesomeness~génialité
itchiness's~de itchiness
immeasurably~incommensurablement
Richards's~Richards de
jealousies~jalousies
jilt's~jilt de
gymnastics's~gymnastics's
begonia~Begonia
fanciers~fanciers
revivification's~de revivification
frankness's~frankness's
vaunt's~vaunt de
Snead~Snead
glued~glued
Satanist's~sataniste de
nonnumerical~nonnumerical
squiggle~gribouillis
alimony~pension
fingernail~fingernail
bucking~bucking
radiotelephone's~radiotéléphonique de
silenced~silencieux
hesitant~hésitant
anchorite's~de anachorète
nonrigid~nonrigid
disowned~disowned
amulets~amulettes
unidentifiable~non identifiable
remuneration's~La rémunération de
buggy's~Buggy
expulsions~expulsions
germinates~germinates
Chippendale~Chippendale
grunges~grunges
calculation's~calcul de
arteriole~artériole
Hui~Hui
cleanliest~cleanliest
pleasantest~pleasantest
magic's~la magie de
subpoenaed~cité à comparaître
ripper~éventreur
hoggishly~hoggishly
lam's~Lam
reassemble~remonter
doodlebugs~doodlebugs
rampancy's~de rampancy
torte's~torte de
Oakland's~Oakland de
Naipaul~Naipaul
strengthener~fortifiant
itemised~détaillé
tinker~bricoler
bulldozer's~bulldozer de
tarot's~tarots de
loungers~chaises
midday's~de midi
rubella's~la rubéole de
Epsom~epsom
playbill's~Années Playbill
patrolmen~patrouilleur
Dubai's~Dubaï de
fissure's~fissure's
Rio~Rio
yearling~yearling
miserly~avare
corgis~corgis
instalments~versements
hayseed's~péquenaud de
tint~teinte
subventions~subventions
salinity~salinité
grits's~grits's
tapeworms~ténias
buckaroo~Buckaroo
snippet~fragment
intriguing~intrigant
packer~emballeur
underachieved~résultats insuffisants
egotistic~egotistic
gorge~gorge
skims~écumes
soap~savon
Internets~internets
handle's~handle's
Lowell's~Lowell
smokeless~sans fumée
gamesmanship's~gamesmanship's
Bender~Cintreuse
thing~chose
shortbread's~Années sablés
unnoticeable~imperceptibles
subscribing~abonnée
GTE~GTE
reprint~réimpression
kilocycles~kilohertz
voiceless~sans voix
creditable~creditable
ballroom~salle de bal
tangled~emmêlés
Erlenmeyer~Erlenmeyer
Ashkhabad's~Achkhabad de
Kris's~Années Kris
accolade~accolade
Pahlavi's~Pahlavi de
ton's~tonne de
wheedlers~wheedlers
thingies~bidules
hyperbola's~hyperbole de
detrimentally~detrimentally
blackjack's~blackjack de
cropland's~cropland's
Torricelli's~Torricelli de
redivides~redivise
floorwalker~floorwalker
stapled~agrafé
pantomime~pantomime
geographic~geographic
jobshare~partage d'emploi
cermet~cermet
Buckingham~Buckingham
bicycler's~bicycler de
topspin~Topspin
robocall~robocall
cuttlefish's~cuttlefish's
overflow~débordement
clotures~clotures
congruence's~congruence de
Guzman~Guzman
sappy~plein de sève
pizzeria~pizzeria
Buddhas~Bouddhas
dewberry~dewberry
plunk~tomber sur
augmented~augmentée
stories~histoires
dills~dills
mountainside's~montagne de
ashamed~honteux
guesses~guesses
separations~séparations
countervail~countervail
nonbelligerent~non belligérant
hypothesises~émet l'hypothèse
noisiness~caractère bruyant
sward~pelouse
Hennessy's~Hennessy
troublemaker's~fauteur de troubles de
brays~brait
wrecking~naufrage
silicates~silicates
carper's~Carper de
Balboa~Balboa
overheated~surchauffé
smelter's~fonderie de
stultification's~de abêtissement
Bangladeshis~Bangladeshis
nuttier~goût de noisette
gar's~gar's
pituitaries~hypophyses
poultry's~volaille de
Magellan's~Magellan
Drano~Drano
rancorous~rancunier
frillier~frillier
abhorrence~horreur
proxy's~proxy de
overspreading~, étalée sur
totes~totes
boogieing~boogieing
tacky~collant
poignancy's~de poignant
Liza's~Liza
oversights~inadvertances
analogousness's~analogousness de
spelunkers~spelunkers
huffiness's~huffiness de
earthiest~earthiest
treat~traiter
panthers~panthers
Darryl~Darryl
Rogelio's~Rogelio de
typification~typification
Bugzilla's~Bugzilla de
preoccupations~préoccupations
petrochemical~pétrochimique
overseeing~surveillance
zippered~fermeture à glissière
satraps~satrapes
respite's~de répit
cannibalised~cannibalisé
fry~fry
blabber~moulin à paroles
quarter's~trimestre de
beater's~batteur de
Frederic~Frédéric
recuperates~récupère
resent~ressentiment
exclaims~exclaims
disfiguring~disfiguring
picker~cueilleur
plethora~pléthore
neediness's~de neediness
Rwandan's~rwandais de
acids~acides
lepta~lepta
invigorating~revigorant
crabwise~crabwise
stridently~stridente
mutate~subir une mutation
applique's~appliqué de
hennaed~hennaed
arm's~bras
wickers~osiers
handyman~handyman
forfeitures~forfeitures
Radcliffe~Radcliffe
stiletto's~talon aiguille de
declination's~declination's
municipality's~municipalité de
interrogative's~de interrogatifs
coarsening~coarsening
missions~missions
imitativeness~mimétisme
candyfloss~candyfloss
Oklahoma~Oklahoma
propagated~propagée
parliamentarian~parlementaire
Fraser's~Fraser de
grubbiness~grubbiness
exertions~exertions
frosting's~frosting's
Maidenform~maidenform
Angora~Angora
controversies~controversies
spearmint's~la menthe verte de
distastefulness's~distastefulness's
Mohave's~Mohave de
boozier~Boozier
throttlers~throttlers
arrangement~arrangement
oversleep~dormir trop longtemps
leakage~fuite
bobbies~bobbies
logistic~la logistique
rearmed~réarmé
overworking~surmener
soliloquising~soliloque
sellouts~à guichets fermés
fecundity's~fecundity's
imposer's~Imposer de
Cepheid~Cepheid
reminding~rappelant
Bran's~Bran
Eng's~Eng de
romeo's~Années romeo
instinctual~pulsionnelle
orientation's~orientation de
subspace~sous-espace
faithfuls~faithfuls
asseverated~asseverated
shewing~montrant
clothe~vêtir
wanton's~sans motif de
jolt's~soubresaut de
concretely~concrètement
descent's~descent's
missioners~missionnaires
ketches~ketches
trusty~sûr
endoscope~endoscope
reorged~reorged
deprecate~deprecate
tired~fatigué
rechartered~rechartered
lenience's~de lenience
accessibly~accessiblement
hoydenish~hoydenish
footling~footling
Pitt~Pitt
funfairs~funfairs
techie~technophile
directness's~directness's
hails~hails
savanna's~savane de
piggyback~ferroutage
indemnification~indemnité
tougher~plus difficile
viability's~la viabilité de
lavishes~prodigue
marking~marquage
bottler's~embouteilleur de
waitress's~serveuse de
fate's~fate's
junkets~junkets
stenos~stenos
immensities~immensités
airflow~flux d'air
lengthiest~plus longues
Fla~Floride
Lucy's~Lucy
tacks~punaises
pasteurised~pasteurisés
romanticises~romanticises
nonconformism~anticonformisme
gamer~gamer
performs~exécute
pottered~pottered
Lulu's~Lulu
MIT's~MIT
bestride~enfourcher
Parkman~Parkman
pastoral~pastorale
Camilla~Camilla
Lister's~Lister de
bests~bests
equerry~equerry
Devi~Devi
Charon~Charon
conjunctive~conjonctif
Sierpinski~Sierpinski
groovy~groovy
frowziness~frowziness
Poirot~Poirot
Boethius's~Boèce de
absurdities~absurdités
toasty~bien au chaud
WWII~la Seconde Guerre mondiale
conveyed~conveyed
mortally~à mort
poniard's~poniard de
inestimably~inestimable
soreheads~soreheads
prose~prose
Brasilia~Brasilia
courteousness~courteousness
motorbike~moto
blotter's~de sous-main
shabbily~pauvrement
chanciness's~chanciness de
ripper's~Éventreur
reeling~sous le choc
reexaminations~réexaminations
dementia's~dementia's
Stoic's~stoïcienne de
depression's~depression's
supersaturation~sursaturation
funnily~funnily
supersede~remplacer
newsletters~bulletins
disuse~disuse
topographic~topographique
prompting's~ce qui incite
dissemination's~dissemination's
Fletcher's~Fletcher
pamper~dorloter
breakage~rupture
slower~Ralentissez
dehumanisation's~dehumanisation's
smokier~smokier
As~Comme
excretion's~excretion's
ebullition's~ebullition's
letting~location
actuality's~l'actualité de
cony~cony
Sakai~Sakai
taxpayer's~contribuable de
unspectacular~peu spectaculaire
dovetail~dovetail
demystify~demystify
demographics~demographics
tithers~tithers
wantonness~libertinage
Kristina~Kristina
Bk's~Bk de
MST's~MST de
integral's~Integral
Georgette's~Georgette
bauds~baud
licensed~autorisé
forecourts~forecourts
jarful~jarful
amicable~amical
chafes~Chafes
upbringings~éducations
casing's~boîtier de
auctioneers~priseurs
bereaved~privé
redesigned~redessiné
Ramsay's~Ramsay
inanity's~de niaiserie
Amsterdam's~AMSTERDAM
Kyrgyzstan~Kirghizistan
dyer~dyer
predating~antidatant
grimiest~grimiest
hotels~hôtels
resewing~Recoudre
carpools~covoiturages
Magog's~Magog de
waive~renoncer à
sideman~sideman
railway~chemin de fer
perihelion~périhélie
deflating~deflating
punishes~punisse
puritan~puritain
tinderbox~tinderbox
benevolence~bienveillance
succumbed~succomba
technical~technique
venation's~de venation
bicyclists~cyclistes
felicitously~felicitously
Robertson's~Robertson
purchasers~acheteurs
uncork~déboucher
methodological~méthodologique
cardinally~cardinalement
Truffaut~Truffaut
mope~broyer du noir
panelling's~panneaux de
Malplaquet's~Malplaquet de
chapattis~chapattis
signboards~panneaux de signalisation
Berger's~Berger
OHSA~LSST
cupidity~cupidity
Menominee's~Menominee de
Tharp~Tharp
Tatars~Tatars
unanticipated~non anticipé
identifications~identifications
vibe~ambiance
dowry's~dowry's
triumphalism~triomphaliste
Head's~tête de
Pokemon's~Années Pokemon
Porrima~Porrima
lovable~aimable
careerist's~de carriériste
observational~d'observation
Randy's~Randy
canyoning~canyoning
Vic~Vic
braille's~braille de
suctioning~aspiration
Wellington's~WELLINGTON
caliper's~étrier de
anxiousness's~de anxiousness
articulating~articulation
countdown's~countdown's
Mulder~Mulder
Prague's~Prague de
Canaan~terre de Canaan
zebu~zébu
Castaneda's~Castaneda
decency~decency
pomanders~pomanders
rhenium~rhénium
Delbert~Delbert
trefoil~trèfle
paint~peindre
longbow's~Longbow de
interferes~interfère
thirstier~assoiffée
bicentennials~Bicentenaires
orphanages~orphelinats
exurb~exurb
screen's~l'écran de
perseverance's~années persévérance
martyred~martyr
concoct~concocter
reproduction~la reproduction
browner~browner
dallied~dallied
plasterboard's~de plaques de plâtre
forebodings~forebodings
print~impression
Pluto~Pluton
nightcap's~de bonnet de nuit
duellist~duellist
welly~welly
glowworms~glowworms
Wave~Vague
excepts~excepts
prairie's~PRAIRIE
unwanted~indésirable
exemplifies~exemplifies
plainclothesmen~des policiers en civil
bristled~hérissé
penetrated~pénétré
visionary~visionnaire
alertness's~de la vigilance
jocularly~jocularly
enchanting~enchanting
blindfolded~les yeux bandés
corridor~corridor
gate's~gate's
quins~Quins
landmass~landmass
whackers~whackers
callbacks~callbacks
Jayne's~Jayne de
instructor's~instructeur de
Kagoshima's~Kagoshima de
positive~positif
burghs~burghs
worship's~le culte de
Helga's~Helga
effeminate~effeminate
leveraged~à effet de levier
heaviest~le plus lourd
floppier~floppier
archangel's~Archangel de
Ryukyu's~Années Ryukyu
voodoo~vaudou
advertises~fait de la publicité
resentment's~de ressentiment
gourd's~gourd's
trapdoor's~de trapdoor
ploughs~charrues
inseparability~inséparabilité
accord~accord
Brittany~Bretagne
fumiest~fumiest
hers~la sienne
Holst's~Holst
nosebleed~saignement de nez
livestock~bétail
flattening~flattening
bittern's~de butor
reburied~réenterré
flood's~flood's
hobbled~entravés
Gauss's~Gauss de
profusion~profusion
heft~soupeser
recipients~bénéficiaires
Ashmolean~Ashmolean
Champollion's~champollion de
throb's~palpitation de
overweening~démesuré
balminess's~de balminess
Lagrangian's~Années Lagrangiennes
Wei~Wei
Aniakchak's~Aniakchak de
toadies~flagorneurs
genre~genre
hollyhock's~trémière de
badge's~Badge
Baudelaire's~Baudelaire
Basil~Basilic
brightening~éclaircissant
complemented~complété
Marisol~Marisol
gasbag's~gasbag's
Trieste~Trieste
candelabra's~Années candélabre
nonactive~inactif
endocrinologists~endocrinologists
Gabonese's~gabonais de
Lassen's~Lassen de
felicitated~felicitated
Ufa~Ufa
splice~épissure
yardman's~de yardman
inhalations~inhalations
daiquiris~daiquiris
Gettysburg~Gettysburg
apparel~vêtements
castaway~naufragé
shuffles~battages
Theodora~Theodora
creaks~creaks
idiot's~idiots
Mbabane's~Mbabane de
mys~MYS
dipstick~dipstick
harrier's~harrier
boondoggling~boondoggling
wander~errer
spellbinding~envoutant
pleasured~pleasured
coaxer~Coaxer
polio~polio
interview's~interview de
Senegalese~Sénégalais
agrarian's~agraires de
undiplomatic~peu diplomatique
limelight~feux de la rampe
fumigate~fumigate
knock's~frapper de
parsed~analysable
testimonial~témoignage
Ferdinand's~Ferdinand
monument~monument
thoroughbreds~pur-sang
Fonda's~Fonda
Emma's~Emma
trials~essais
crispiest~crispiest
stepdaughters~stepdaughters
curtails~curtails
credenza~credenza
shuts~se ferme
filing~filing
roundabouts~ronds-points
plushy~rupin
deadbeat's~deadbeat's
gunships~gunships
Esau's~Esaü
belle~belle
relaters~Relaters
malts~malts
hauberks~haubert
megabytes~méga-octets
preexisting~pré-existante
pie's~pâté
warpath~warpath
orchestrate~orchestrer
Rice~Riz
screams~cris
gammy~gammy
Roy's~Roy
geographers~geographers
devils~devils
Gaborone~Gaborone
Narnia's~Narnia de
SAP's~SAP de
home's~maisons
accelerations~accélérations
ghosting~ghosting
Hittite's~hittite de
wordsmith~Wordsmith
delicateness's~delicateness's
Naismith's~Naismith de
scavenges~scavenges
wingdings~Wingdings
cheats~tricheurs
knowing~connaissance
poetical~poétique
homer's~Homère
hymeneal~hymen
prophylaxis~prophylaxie
frangible~frangible
exchanged~exchanged
baldness~calvitie
Sadat~Sadate
ahead~devant
gin's~gin's
awards~prix
majesties~Majestés
garden~garden
cattier~cattier
wotcha~wotcha
nip~pincer
audiologist's~de audiologiste
incantations~incantations
bawd~catin
biopics~Mishima
N'Djamena~N'Djamena
Sinclair~Sinclair
fusion~fusion
cruller's~cruller's
exasperating~exasperating
airmailing~airmailing
snagging~accrocs
carborundum~carborundum
offside~hors-jeu
Ufa's~Ufa de
repose~repos
conscienceless~conscienceless
abduction's~enlèvement de
senses~raison
almond~amande
barbiturate~barbiturique
consideration's~considération de
lariat~lasso
curiously~curiously
absurdness's~de absurdness
trumpets~trompettes
warm~chaud
silence's~de silence
trundling~trundling
blitz's~blitz de
innumerate~incapables de calculer
sublimely~sublimement
tectonics~tectonique
Singaporean~singapourien
dissented~dissented
cheesy~ringard
recaps~recaps
dot's~dot's
blowout's~Blowout de
recontacted~recontacté
Fathers~ancêtres
refugee's~réfugiés
poseurs~poseurs
convalescents~convalescents
oversupplies~offre excédentaire
Stockholm~Stockholm
rationalised~rationalisée
agreement's~les accords
Beardsley~Beardsley
Cupid's~cupidon de
threaded~fileté
Erica's~Erica
narrative's~récit de
ecosystems~ecosystems
grands~grands
acquiescence~consentement
rattlebrain~rattlebrain
downbeat~downbeat
jingoism~chauvinisme
Kusch's~Kusch de
trawling~chalutage
curated~curated
gubernatorial~gubernatorial
scofflaws~scofflaws
transpire~transpirer
aerodrome's~aérodrome de
raven's~Raven
Erick's~Erick de
hollows~creux
Gillian~Gillian
Requiem~Requiem
sulfa~sulfamides
evaporators~evaporators
replaceable~remplaçable
romance~romance
rareness~rareté
deliveryman~deliveryman
acceded~adhéré
glad's~glad's
cation~cation
expediences~expediences
unceremoniously~sans ménagement
crumple's~crumple's
percussionist~percussionniste
chain~chaîne
waywardness~opiniâtreté
delineations~delineations
axolotl~axolotl
challis's~Challis de
hazers~hazers
hosanna's~hosanna de
adverseness's~adverseness de
Darcy~Darcy
Giannini~Giannini
Luis's~Luis de
uniformity's~uniformité de
purebred's~de race pure de
English's~anglais de
Aguilar's~Aguilar
widens~élargit
wrenches~clés
eyeball's~eyeball's
connective~conjonctif
titles~titres
cleansing~nettoyage
poorest~plus pauvre
emails~emails
pfennig~pfennig
breastwork's~Années parapets
raspier~Raspier
saints~saints
anorexic's~anorexique de
starchiness~féculent
baptistery~baptistère
abscissa~abscisse
nonbeliever's~mécréant de
Bible's~Bible de
ironwood~ironwood
rockabilly's~rockabilly de
croissant's~croissant's
extricating~extricating
mallet~maillet
hypothermia's~hypothermie de
spouses~conjoints
parade's~défilé de
falsifiers~falsifiers
deaf~deaf
toiled~peiné
midwifes~sage-femmes
unharnessing~dételer
rearranged~réarrangé
occasioned~occasionnée
fieldwork's~fieldwork's
capacitors~condensateurs
bodyguards~gardes du corps
beaching~échouement
pyrotechnics's~de pyrotechnie
embellishment~embellishment
unwrap~déballer
Currier's~Currier de
bulky~volumineux
homeworkers~les travailleurs à domicile
teapot~théière
flightless~flightless
byway~route secondaire
devotionals~devotionals
coolies~coolies
traders~les commerçants
incognito~incognito
shandies~panachés
wreathes~wreathes
cadgers~cadgers
noel~noel
UNICEF's~UNICEF
urinalyses~analyses d'urine
vacillates~vacille
globe~globe
quintet~quintette
Jacob's~Jacob
demonstrative~demonstrative
Louie's~Louie
monosyllables~monosyllabes
serigraph~serigraph
adulteresses~adultères
teardrop~larme
guidebook's~guidebook's
Kissinger~Kissinger
generality's~generality's
infringement's~violation de
Sue's~Sue
uniforms~uniformes
Fleischer~Fleischer
orthodontists~orthodontistes
Sparks~Sparks
worlds~mondes
attire~tenue
caretakers~gardiens
wispier~wispier
catbird's~catbird de
Sutherland's~Sutherland
Contreras~Contreras
LPN~LPN
retroviruses~retrovirus
interlards~interlards
lantern's~lanterne de
hauliers~transporteurs routiers
firepower~firepower
kickstands~béquilles
nonchalance's~de nonchalance
reinstalling~réinstallant
swotting~bûcher
nightgowns~nuisettes
loose~en vrac
digitised~digitised
dependence's~dependence's
sawbones's~Années Sawbones
Baudelaire~Baudelaire
mayfly's~mayfly de
copy's~copy's
grain~grain
tit~mésange
councilpersons~councilpersons
photocopy~photocopie
treaty's~traité de
Betsy's~Betsy
southwester's~suroît de
smokestacks~cheminées industrielles
purse~bourse
Ceres~Ceres
mugger's~de mugger
disparage~disparage
undeviating~inflexible
teaspoon's~cuillère à café de
receivables's~créances de
feasibly~feasibly
sander's~ponceuse de
slandered~calomnié
mudflat~vasière
disarranging~disarranging
dessertspoonful~dessertspoonful
nicker~hennissement
practises~les pratiques
putt's~putt de
celandine's~de chélidoine
minster's~Minster de
misadventures~mésaventures
prognostic~pronostic
contumacy~contumacy
thuggery's~banditisme de
annuitant's~rentier de
legume's~légumineuse de
condense~condenser
noiselessness's~noiselessness de
HP's~de HP
reigning~régnant
raiders~raiders
prerogatives~prérogatives
thrombus's~Années thrombus
laureateship's~de laureateship
descriptor~descriptor
piecrust's~piecrust de
BIA~BIA
horseman's~de cavalier
lecturer~Conférencier
rampage~déchaînement
Jilin~Jilin
demoralises~demoralises
unwillingness's~de la réticence
ingenuousness's~ingénuité de
taupe's~de couleur taupe
durability's~durability's
retaliated~riposté
articulated~articulé
disabilities~disabilities
flamboyant~flamboyant
houri~Houri
besmirched~flétrie
Oort~Oort
meddlers~meddlers
deadliest~deadliest
Reconstruction~Reconstruction
underexposing~underexposing
Gilead~Gilead
captivating~captivant
gasholders~gasholders
randomness~aléatoire
pop's~POPs
sonority~sonorité
SOP~AMADOUER
chaplaincy~aumônerie
carousers~buveurs
discrediting~discrediting
reinfect~réinfecter
carny's~carny de
complicity~complicité
ms~Mme
moneymaking~acquisition d'argent
whinged~whinged
convalescent~convalescent
cocoa~cacao
jiff's~jiff de
ethics's~ethics's
goods's~goods's
vitalised~vitalisée
frivolity~frivolity
electrocardiogram~electrocardiogram
tugging~tiraillement
coonskin's~coonskin's
cancer's~du cancer
tale's~contes
Guofeng's~Guofeng de
hurricanes~ouragans
dexterity~dexterity
rakishness's~de rakishness
opulence's~l'opulence de
dormer's~dormer's
fatalist~fatalist
lox's~LOX de
gazebo's~gazebo's
lifted~levé
inorganically~inorganiquement
Va~Virginie
wrinkly's~ridée de
dustier~dustier
Kansan~kansan
crinklier~crinklier
jazziest~bien sympathique
rabidness's~de rabidness
professorships~professorats
potions~potions
Pechora's~Pechora de
proposals~les propositions
bestowal~don
flowering~flowering
spendable~spendable
physics~la physique
Kevorkian's~Kevorkian de
whipped~fouetté
sacrifice's~sacrifices
disadvantaged~disadvantaged
sleepwear's~vêtements de nuit
Ungava~Ungava
federalised~federalised
Eng~Eng
pedometers~podomètres
nonfatal~nonfatal
deforming~deforming
unsung~méconnu
crossovers~crossovers
cermet's~cermet de
ignition~allumage
blonder~Blonder
fallows~fallows
sever~rompre
preys~proies
mobilising~mobilisateur
befuddle~émécher
shagged~crevé
signatory~signataire
scad~chinchard
revisionist~révisionniste
ungratefulness~ingratitude
proofreader~correcteur des épreuves
landowning's~de la propriété foncière
hedgehop~Hedgehop
deaneries~deaneries
spumoni~spumoni
richness~richesse
wariest~wariest
Yuan~Yuan
supplicates~supplie
immoderately~immodérément
Borges's~Borges années
lobbing~lobbying
Marlowe~Marlowe
bedclothes's~Années Linges
prepackaging~préemballage
palmettos~palmettes
inlay~incruster
raging~rage
Rosemarie~Rosemarie
wrinkles~les rides
studs~goujons
length's~de longueur
dashing~dashing
impassiveness's~de impassibilité
Descartes's~Descartes
goings~goings
circlet's~Années Diadème
hasted~hâtèrent
Kalahari's~Kalahari de
gab~gab
Fahd~Fahd
advantage~avantage
pismire~pismire
ulnar~cubital
sprinter~sprinter
Rodolfo~Rodolfo
cosmeticians~cosmeticians
passiveness's~de passiveness
Osage~Osage
handheld~handheld
consensus~consensus
pub~pub
intention's~intention de
harming~harming
surrounds~entoure
savants~savants
jadedly~jadedly
asceticism's~ascétisme de
of~de
decadently~decadently
marginalisation~marginalisation
pulverises~pulvérise
binoculars~jumelles
renditions~renditions
crudites's~crudites's
martially~martialement
fancywork's~fancywork's
weakeners~weakeners
smelters~fondeurs
coexists~coexiste
hooliganism~vandalisme
Loafer~Flâneur
obtruding~M. obturateur
nucleon~nucléon
storehouses~magasins
Whittier's~Whittier de
greenmail's~greenmail's
respond~répondre
inveigles~inveigles
ejector's~ejector's
clippers~clippers
quinine~quinine
acupuncture's~de l'acupuncture
sailboat's~voilier de
fazes~fazes
fwd~fwd
hitter~cogneur
electrocutions~electrocutions
Philby~Philby
Sappho's~Sapho
legally~légalement
sunglasses~des lunettes de soleil
nettles~orties
leopardess~léopard femelle
realm's~Au royaume
confidentiality~confidentialité
flappers~flappers
maxi~maxi
washers~rondelles
surname's~le nom de
Masters's~maîtres de
roses~des roses
bookkeeper~comptable
highball~highball
quizzer~quizzer
wringing~essorage
coda's~coda de
ruggedly~raboteux
Whig~Whig
warming~échauffement
violet's~violette
poinciana~Poinciana
strew~parsemer
persuasiveness's~Années force de persuasion
dhow~dhow
cornice's~cornice's
pipette~pipette
sodomy's~de sodomies
carriage~le chariot
intensiveness's~de intensivité
Huntsville~Huntsville
enumerators~enumerators
bountifulness's~libéralités de
bares~bares
iamb~iambe
centraliser~centralisateur
nerve's~nerfs
Hennessy~Hennessy
Erica~Erica
act~acte
metempsychoses~métempsycoses
Wilmer's~Wilmer de
upkeep~entretien
purgative~purgatif
notepaper's~Années notepaper
cahoots~cahoots
dossing~dossing
wronging~maltraitait
shier~Shier
prime~premier
engrosses~engrosses
Andes's~Andes de
Huck~Huck
vestals~vestales
sots~Sots
ascetically~ascétique
enormity~enormity
setups~configurations
dashboard's~dashboard's
mendicants~mendiants
dispassionate~dispassionate
extensiveness~extensiveness
loughs~loughs
metamorphoses~métamorphoses
Steinway's~Steinway de
inescapable~inéluctable
Habakkuk's~Habacuc de
comps~comps
honeybees~abeilles domestiques
implausible~peu plausible
sneered~ricana
Christine's~Christine
assessed~évalués
putted~puttée
banzais~banzais
mousetraps~souricières
tailoring~adaptation
logotype's~de logotype
trustworthiness~fiabilité
Trimurti's~Années Trimurti
semisweet~semisweet
satellited~satellited
ASCII~ASCII
hovercraft~aéroglisseur
seething~grouillante
despotically~despotically
Yeltsin~Eltsine
syllabication's~syllabication de
coatings~revêtements
hangover's~hangover's
Theresa's~Thérèse de
leafleted~distribué des tracts
worrywart~worrywart
jag's~Années jag
interlopers~interlope
forthwith~forthwith
sleeker~plus lisse
scapegraces~garnements
leeriness's~de leeriness
sepsis~état septique
downgraded~downgraded
seediness~indisposition
Bernstein~Bernstein
dismisses~dismisses
Ismael's~Ismael de
batterer~batterer
strutted~pavanait
taffrail~taffrail
multifamily~plusieurs familles
Larousse's~Larousse de
screamer's~criard de
stampede's~Stampede de
Cymbeline's~Cymbeline de
swarthy~basané
horologists~horlogers
console~console
Provo's~Provo de
flax's~flax's
caress's~caresse de
familiarise~familiarise
Azores's~Années Açores
restorer~restaurateur
Can~Pouvez
backpacks~sacs à dos
ungraceful~disgracieuse
farmed~farmed
overprinting~surimpressions
thingamajigs~thingamajigs
damasks~damasks
uncurled~défrisés
crawdad~crawdad
ignites~rallume
dissectors~dissectors
laborious~laborieux
bleacher's~gradins
caustic's~de soude caustique
extenuation's~extenuation's
strides~progrès
Eumenides's~Années Euménides
discovery's~discovery's
Pooh's~Pooh de
poaching~braconnage
shrewdness's~sagacité de
judged~jugé
Turkic~turkic
stamps~timbres
burglarising~burglarising
reversible~réversible
junked~ferraillé
buried~enterré
bubs~bubs
outwore~outwore
British's~britannique de
quadriplegic's~quadriplégique de
pushchairs~poussettes
Ophelia's~Ophélie de
powwows~powwows
jangled~discordant
newsreader~lecteur de news
osier's~osiers de
Whitaker~Whitaker
ecu~ecu
sailors~marins
rightsized~rightsized
revolves~gravite
croft~croft
leviathans~leviathans
tallow~suif
lionisation's~lionisation de
guardrooms~guardrooms
Ada~Ada
taking's~la prise de
probable's~de probables
ember~ember
ficus's~ficus's
riggers~gréeurs
foxiest~foxiest
Elliott's~Elliott
Lance's~Lance de
Friedan~Friedan
Rappaport~Rappaport
readopts~adopte une nouvelle fois
cucumbers~cucumbers
crosschecked~crosschecked
presbyopia's~Années presbytie
nukes~armes nucléaires
electronics's~electronics's
squeal~hurler
hullabaloo's~du remue-ménage
remotes~Distants
Franklin's~Franklin
dimple's~dimple's
misappropriate~détourner
dater's~dater's
Frunze~Frounze
beak~le bec
stinky~puant
handful's~handful's
punt's~punt de
decontamination's~decontamination's
OAS's~OEA de
peptide~peptide
gooey~gooey
schismatic's~schismatique de
ea~ea
regrades~travaux d 'amélioration
existing~existing
congeniality~convivialité
overbidding~surenchérissant
reevaluating~réévaluant
lisle~écosse
watchfulness~vigilance
sellotape~sellotape
outface~décontenancer
magnetising~magnétisant
postal~postal
transmittance~transmission
denounces~denounces
backstroking~backstroking
blackberry~la mûre
thickest~plus épaisses
washout's~de délavage
molesters~agresseurs sexuels
dithering~dithering
speciousness's~de spécieux
Te's~Te de
dismiss~dismiss
robustness~robustesse
miniaturised~miniaturisé
revers~revers
libber~féministe
tornado's~tornade de
juncos~Juncos
servicemen~militaires
procrastination~procrastination
tangos~tangos
abounding~regorgeant
perplexity~perplexité
sawbucks~sawbucks
vociferousness's~de vociferousness
bumblebee~bourdon
drupe~drupe
monotonous~monotone
rehouse~reloger
neighbouring~voisin
mescals~mescals
toots~Toots
plash's~clapotement de
Shawna's~Shawna de
Schultz~Schultz
flowerpot~flowerpot
endued~endued
sun~Soleil
resurrecting~ressuscitant
unteachable~indociles
bank's~banques
majordomo~majordome
Davao~Davao
savagest~savagest
nestled~niché
evergreen's~evergreen's
moderately~modérément
ricketiest~ricketiest
pinwheel's~Années pinwheel
resumes~CV
functional~functional
safeguard's~sauvegarde de
aborigine~aborigène
sendoff's~Années Sendoff
glint~glint
reptilian's~de reptiliennes
overtone's~de diphonique
courthouses~courthouses
analytical~analytique
patriotic~patriotique
perpetuation~perpétuation
motherland~mère patrie
Scorpios~scorpios
astonishes~émerveille
Scotia~Écosse
Vandals~vandales
spiny~épineux
Benelux's~Benelux de
shyest~shyest
forestalled~forestalled
slanderer's~de calomniateur
fistulous's~fistulous's
engraved~engraved
shale~schiste argileux
audible~audible
schoolmates~camarades d'école
marionette's~marionette de
astrologer's~astrologue de
pasteurisation's~de pasteurisation
NM~NM
mincemeat~Viande hachée
ion~ion
Iran~Iran
fief's~fief's
unmoral~amoral
reattached~recollé
climatologists~climatologues
vegetative~végétatif
Lipizzaner's~de lipizzaner
palettes~palettes
tideway~Tideway
heptagonal~heptagonale
hidden~caché
birdbrains~cervelles d'oiseau
confirm~confirmer
tunic~tunique
guidepost~guidepost
kerosene~kérosène
Ximenes's~Années Ximenes
unkindness~duretés
overdose's~surdosage de
communique's~communiqué de
Heisenberg~Heisenberg
scrim~scrim
deforest~deforest
enemy's~enemy's
concierge~la conciergerie
pomade's~pommade de
mutates~mute
fury's~fury's
codfishes~morues
assistance's~l'aide de
harpoon's~harpon de
devastated~devastated
admiralty~amirauté
gawkily~gawkily
admixes~se mélange
fares~fares
predictably~on pouvait s'y attendre
Tammi's~Tammi de
dissuades~dissuades
hedger~Hedger
populates~Remplit
drogue~drogue
mistaken~erroné
pseud~bêcheur
leviers~Leviers
lychgates~lychgates
vela~vela
disturbing~disturbing
lags~retards
Eliza~Eliza
Goteborg's~Goteborg de
Camelot's~Camelot de
Luftwaffe's~Luftwaffe de
clamber~grimper
BMW~BMW
customhouses~customhouses
racecourse~hippodrome
exon's~exon's
Alamo's~Alamo de
opener's~ouvre de
jackals~chacals
ageing~vieillissement
monotheistic~monothéiste
Ramsay~Ramsay
micrometeorite's~de micrométéorites
incunabula~incunables
glaciations~glaciations
stems~tiges
pantsuit~pantsuit
s~s
acquire~acquérir
impeccable~impeccable
workloads~la charge de travail
lanolin~lanoline
younger~plus jeune
lengthening~rallongement
musket~mousquet
Lysenko~Lyssenko
seal's~scellés
resume~CV
itself~lui-même
tuples~tuples
stuffings~rembourrages
ratifying~ratifiera
Chretien's~CHRÉTIEN
honorary~honoraire
Corsica's~Corse du
sparingly~avec parcimonie
cavilling~ergoter
AZT's~AZT de
Carboloy~Carboloy
revolved~tourné
lysosomal~lysosomale
Velasquez~Velasquez
Bataan's~Bataan
inkling's~de la moindre idée
scrumps~scrumps
watercolour~aquarelle
takeout~sortir
awesomeness's~de génialité
sighting~observation
bull~taureau
countess~countess
convolutions~convolutions
Pym's~Pym de
snap~casser
crass~crass
penetrative~pénétrant
melodrama's~mélodrame de
begrudged~begrudged
fed's~fed's
showier~plus voyante
blackness~noirceur
mudflap~bavette
tonging~tonging
Brinkley~Brinkley
Schultz's~Schultz
Kennan's~Kennan de
notepad~Bloc-notes
clobber~tabasser
rectification~rectification
adjoins~est contiguë
imperfectness's~imperfectness de
cooperage's~cooperage's
kin's~parent le plus proche
treading~foulant
aught's~aught de
acceding~adhésion
ascension~ascension
Trevor~Trevor
ex~ex
semiconductors~semi-conducteurs
pitcher~lanceur
inconsistency~incohérence
bloodbath~bain de sang
Vulcan~Vulcain
aggrandise~aggrandise
Scriabin~Scriabin
infection's~de l'infection
serialised~sérialisé
secretaryship~secrétariat
impeach~accuser
successes~succès
voluminous~volumineux
experience's~experience's
ply~pli
hunks~Hunks
connected~connecté
bisexual's~bisexuelles de
Senate~Sénat
template's~modèle de
misstates~déclare erronément
timer~minuteur
agglomerated~agglomérée
houseboats~péniches
whopping~énorme
Joanne's~Joanne de
Celeste's~Celeste de
discussing~discussing
immemorial~immémorial
Volga's~Volga de
sleek~lisse
barred~barré
saunter's~de saunter
humdinger's~humdinger de
Centigrade~Centigrade
mach~mach
unremarked~inaperçu
nihilistic~nihiliste
inquisitiveness~curiosité
caregiver~aidant naturel
desolation~desolation
fulled~fulled
pavings~pavages
bootleg~de contrebande
ices~glaces
Efrain~Efrain
rattlings~râles
lanterns~lanternes
furls~furls
someones~quelques uns
lip's~lèvres
Oriental~Oriental
underbidding~sous-enchère
resignations~démissions
starred~étoilé
descrying~descrying
Landon~Se poser sur
professional's~professionnels
Nadia's~NADIA
traducer~calomniateur
likening~assimilation
silica's~de silice
hatchback's~hayon de
adaptor~adaptateur
bachelor~bachelier
riotousness~dissolutions
Berg~Berg
vivacity~vivacité
tyrants~tyrans
unhurriedly~unhurriedly
Endymion~Endymion
daydreamer~daydreamer
penalises~pénalise
woodpecker's~pivert de
soot's~de suie
carports~carports
untranslatable~intraduisible
consolingly~consolant
photocopies~photocopies
housemistresses~housemistresses
mooring's~amarres
impress's~impressionner de
fang~fang
tectonic~tectonique
ducking~ducking
cavalry's~cavalerie de
SSS~SSS
Appleseed~Appleseed
lobes~lobes
Mitterrand's~Mitterrand
inorganic~inorganique
Milford~Milford
diabetics~diabetics
reciprocity's~la réciprocité de
Warsaw~Varsovie
prejudgement's~préjugement de
stubbly~couvert de chaume
Amerind~Amerind
macrobiotics's~de la macrobiotique
hoofers~hoofers
Parthia's~parthia de
basic's~base de
unoriginal~sans originalité
coworker~coworker
obfuscation~obscurcissement
anyone~n'importe qui
weeklies~hebdomadaires
trivialises~trivialise
Ebonics~Ebonics
slothfulness~slothfulness
fluency~fluency
Darfur's~Darfour de
teaming~faire équipe
Kwanzaa~Kwanzaa
tachometer's~compte-tours de
teasers~teasers
sambas~sambas
stationed~en poste
windbag's~de windbag
misnaming~nom inexact
microwaves~micro-ondes
einsteinium's~einsteinium's
predictions~prévisions
shout's~des cris
jester~bouffon
Veronese's~Veronese de
elucidated~elucidated
FICA's~FICA de
Laramie's~Laramie de
Ming~Ming
piniest~piniest
tire's~pneu de
wracked~ravagée
polypropylene~polypropylène
Pauli~Pauli
uppish~arrogant
recidivist's~de récidiviste
deriving~deriving
invalidly~validement
fours~fours
Alisa~Alisa
county~county
aerated~aéré
astrophysicist's~de astrophysicienne
Benin's~Bénin de
balloon~ballon
snivel's~snivel de
reproofed~reproofed
graininess~graininess
rendezvous~rendez-vous
frog~frog
dentition~dentition
outline~contour
Terkel's~Terkel de
breathers~respirateurs
knuckle's~jointures
frags~frags
tubbiest~tubbiest
exigencies~exigencies
voluptuous~voluptueux
tractor's~tracteur de
arcing~arc électrique
kudzus~kudzus
muzzle's~années museau
eccentrics~eccentrics
Lippi~Lippi
Benjamin's~Benjamin de
unionisation~taux de syndicalisation
inherit~hériter
glaze's~glaze's
reinventing~réinvente
gestural~gestural
scoreboards~tableaux d'affichage
anagrams~anagrammes
anode's~L'anode
wimple~guimpe
unsent~unsent
vivacity's~la vivacité de
piebald's~pies de
irritable~irritable
Alighieri~Alighieri
Andrianampoinimerina~Andrianampoinimerina
galumph~galumph
imputation~imputation
indication's~les indications
segregate~séparer
impartiality~impartialité
Lane~voie
unbaked~non cuite
metamorphose~se métamorphoser
horned~cornu
conjunctiva~conjonctive
quesadilla~Quesadilla
chloroform~chloroforme
divorce~divorce
chromatically~chromatiquement
frothiness~frothiness
uneconomic~non rentable
reoriented~réorientés
Bayeux's~Bayeux de
poesy~poesie
boneless~sans os
scrotum~scrotum
phenacetin's~de phénacétine
spur~éperon
ultrasounds~échographies
controlling~controlling
dwelt~dwelt
microscope's~années microscope
China~Chine
Vaughn's~Vaughn
applejack~cidre fort
barker~aboyeur
priestess's~Années prêtresses
nonages~nonages
Sicilian's~sicilienne de
flacks~flacks
Drambuie's~Drambuie de
unclearer~unclearer
committeewomen~committeewomen
lymphatics~lymphatics
reflated~relancé
reachable~accessible
amuses~Amuses
sceptical~sceptique
beginner~débutant
trendiness~branchitude
pigeon's~pigeon de
gutty~gutty
oven~four
economy's~economy's
classifying~classement
am~un m
haven's~havre de paix de
tagged~marqués
assertiveness's~de l'affirmation de soi
instantiating~instanciation
Baker~boulanger
threepence~trois pence
relativity~relativité
restaffs~restaffs
blondish~blondish
schlock~schlock
impediment~obstacle
geometer~geometer
outstrips~surpasse celle
codifier~codificateur
Minos~Minos
throttling~étranglement
expeditiousness's~expeditiousness's
aircraft~avion
detestable~detestable
renewals~renouvellements
disclosures~disclosures
debasing~debasing
stiffener's~contrefort de
demagnetised~demagnetised
prisoners~les prisonniers
jugulars~jugulaires
mentalist's~de mentalist
Trekkie~Trekkie
socioeconomically~socio-économique
pipping~bêchage
wigwams~tipis
thickness~épaisseur
avenged~Avenged
aquas~aquas
bracer's~brassards de
luxuriate~se délecter
Harmon's~Harmon
Hood~capuche
arginine~arginine
Asimov's~Asimov
uncontested~non contestée
infinite's~infini de
exabyte~exabyte
scythes~faucilles
poorness~pauvreté
Alfreda's~Alfreda de
Lothario~Lothaire
indefatigably~infatigablement
hinge~charnière
laureateship~laureateship
ovule~ovule
Foucault's~Foucault
rancour's~rancoeur de
gym's~gym's
firebombing~firebombing
describers~describers
indulging~se livrer
higher~plus haute
dressiest~dressiest
bagginess's~pochage de
Benzedrine~benzedrine
Malawians~Malawites
paleness's~de pâleur
WI~WI
mammalian's~de mammifères
hooker's~Hooker
Milken~Milken
abridging~abrégeant
overdevelop~surdévelopper
quackery~charlatanisme
reflationary~reflation
Eddy~Tourbillon
grouchiness's~grouchiness's
williwaws~williwaws
pantyliner's~protège-slips
unfroze~dégelé
fruits~fruits
validated~validé
iconoclasts~iconoclastes
Markham~Markham
mariachis~mariachis
xenophobic~xénophobe
neonate~nouveau-né
accession's~L'adhésion de
counted~counted
newcomer's~nouveau venu de
Belmopan~Belmopan
deregulated~deregulated
keynoted~keynoted
pidgin's~pidgin de
rhymester's~rimeur de
timelessness's~intemporalité de
booing~huées
Michelin's~Michelin de
homophone~homophone
collegiate~collégial
twenty~vingt
favour's~favour's
megatons~mégatonnes
trainspotting~trainspotting
Wanda~Wanda
greengage's~greengage's
buccaneers~boucaniers
portcullis's~Années herses
canvasback~canvasback
watersheds~bassins versants
appendix's~annexe de
equanimity~equanimity
imprisoning~emprisonnant
overclocking~overclocking
nettle~ortie
Muslims~les musulmans
Maiman's~Maiman de
parcelled~morcelées
portulaca's~pourpier de
gleamed~gleamed
partridges~perdreaux
bleeping~bleeping
grazer~grazer
Yangon's~Yangon de
decongestants~decongestants
Adams~Adams
drummers~drummers
conceitedly~fatuité
bowdlerised~expurgée
reconfirms~Reconfirme
sousaphone~sousaphone
maxillae~maxillaires
Austrian's~années autrichienne
hollyhock~trémière
attainments~réalisations
burdens~charges
Pa~Pennsylvanie
creosotes~creosotes
emergencies~emergencies
broadness~largeur
sound~du son
Lear~Lear
Micawber~Micawber
further~further
microcode~microcode
vaccine~vaccin
dogtrot~dogtrot
reggae~reggae
whirligigs~girouettes
appealingly~Agréablement
countdown~countdown
pike~brochet
conciliates~concilie
cervices~cervices
nonspiritual's~non spirituel de
stylus~style
whizzbang's~Whizzbang de
Salk's~années Salk
originator's~auteur de
treacle's~années mélasse
thirstiness's~Années pépie
roadworthy~en état de marche
chocoholics~chocoholics
Moldavian~moldavian
Venetians~Vénitiens
rockabilly~rockabilly
sandlotter's~sandlotter de
originator~auteur
unproductive~improductif
exuberance~exuberance
annexation~annexion
Diderot's~Diderot
sensation's~sensation de
jotters~cahiers
clangorously~clangorously
clearness~clarté
actinium~actinium
Gila~Gila
laird~laird
timetabling~emplois du temps
Yalow's~Yalow de
besot~abrutir
strove~Strove
traipsed~traipsed
incubating~incubation
black~noir
guiltiness's~guiltiness's
shakiness~tremblement
Xerxes's~Années Xerxès
conveyable~conveyable
risked~risqué
strapping~costaud
panda's~panda de
crematory~crematory
passkey's~de passkey
electorate~electorate
Tarawa~Tarawa
ricochets~ricochets
transport's~les transports
Oise~Oise
irreverent~irrévérencieux
Tonya~Tonya
glassed~glassed
Clairol's~Clairol de
douche's~douche's
razorback's~de Razorback
polygamy's~la polygamie de
Milwaukee~Milwaukee
hives~urticaire
metaphor's~de la métaphore
wen's~wen de
Petra's~Petra de
undefended~sans défense
Gautier's~Gautier
bungalows~bungalows
impartially~impartialement
antivenom~antivenin
deliveries~deliveries
throaty~rauque
implement~mettre en place
sediment's~de sédiments
Elvis~Elvis
behests~behests
nonprescription~sans ordonnance
Phyllis's~Phyllis de
insane~fou
payback~remboursement
speaking~Parlant
popinjay's~freluquet de
boom~boom
gargoyle's~gargoyle's
counteroffensives~counteroffensives
authority's~autorité de
limestone~calcaire
Nigeria~Nigeria
Iowa~Iowa
mediated~médiation
headmaster~Directeur
hut~cabane
respectability's~de respectabilité
brr~brr
guarani~guarani
frenzy's~frenzy's
casseroles~cocottes
meanness~méchanceté
Aston~Aston
Normandy~la Normandie
Jame's~James
unfriending~unfriending
footpath's~footpath's
hypnotics~hypnotiques
GIF~GIF
contribution's~contribution's
apiarist~apiculteur
superfine~superfin
Savonarola's~Savonarole de
glycogen's~glycogen's
parlour~parloir
quicksand's~sables mouvants de
caparisoning~caparisoning
GED~GED
faience~faience
Cecily's~Cecily de
wales~Pays de Galles
distincter~distincter
draftee~draftee
spirituality~spiritualité
constrictive~constrictive
lightest~plus léger
padre's~padre de
decapitates~decapitates
Gompers's~Années Gompers
grandpas~grandpas
cargo's~la cargaison de
Afrikaans's~Années Afrikaans
achiever's~de Achiever
premolar's~prémolaire de
Hondurans~Honduriens
potentiate~potentialiser
fungicide~fungicide
Auden~Auden
gussets~gussets
reciprocation~alternance
gizmo's~gizmo's
getaway's~getaway's
Bantus~Bantous
legislating~légiférant
windiest~plus venteuse
handholds~handholds
bivouac~bivouac
melanoma's~du mélanome
irresponsibly~irresponsable
cantonment's~de cantonnement
legate's~légat
volleys~volées
busgirl's~de busgirl
napping~napping
well's~puits
terrains~terrains
wilt~se flétrir
Lew~Lew
SS~SS
excite~excite
footage~footage
sandalwood~bois de santal
Linus~Linus
chairmanship~présidence
earmarking~earmarking
honourers~honourers
V~V
Robbins~Robbins
other~autre
outage's~panne de
attempting~essayer
fodders~fodders
weepings~pleurs
disbelievers~disbelievers
thicknesses~épaisseurs
bassoonists~bassonistes
illegitimately~illégitimement
smuggle~passer en contrebande
steakhouse's~steakhouse
discriminating~discriminating
tend~tendre
fain~fain
quin~quin
bib's~bavette de
unconcern~insouciance
wok's~wok de
dispirited~dispirited
yeses~ouis
expend~expend
Horn's~Cornes
Sindhi's~sindhi de
smileys~smileys
windjammer~Windjammer
untidiness's~de untidiness
Thurs~jEU.
bunked~bunked
trimmings's~garnitures de
elusiveness's~elusiveness's
Bjork's~Bjork de
bluestockings~bas-bleus
Vesuvius~Vésuve
Marcia's~Marcia
Biko's~Biko de
lineal~direct
parvenus~parvenus
divides~divides
extrapolates~extrapolates
righteously~vertueusement
dipper's~dipper's
cribber~cribber
bushwhacking~débroussailler
riot~émeute
degeneration~degeneration
billies~billies
interlarded~entrelardés
coffined~en bière
Conway's~Conway
proverb~proverbe
dubiously~dubiously
servants~domestiques
Gates~portes
dotting~dotting
Wendell~Wendell
chairmanship's~présidence de
tradesman~commerçant
waterlilies~nénuphars
Charles's~Charles de
AR~AR
justified~justifiée
mores~mœurs
terms~termes
causation~causalité
cactus~cactus
minnesinger~Minnesinger
gainsay~gainsay
forearm's~forearm's
altruistically~altruistement
maladroitly~maladresse
embankment's~embankment's
paternalistic~paternaliste
bunco's~bunco de
sniveller's~sniveller de
droop~droop
reinserts~réinsère
brooder~éleveuse
Tanzanians~Tanzaniens
flimflammed~flimflammed
dingbats~dingbats
mew~miauler
jeopardised~mis en péril
Durocher's~Durocher de
matchstick's~allumette de
chlorophyll~chlorophylle
gadder's~gadder's
Dracula's~Dracula
gazpacho's~gazpacho's
Jodi~Jodi
vaporisation's~de vaporisation
Pocono's~Pocono
Johnny's~Johnny
trowelling~frottage
instruction~instruction
gambit~gambit
genitals~genitals
splotchiest~splotchiest
Dreyfus's~Dreyfus
repercussion's~répercussion
weft's~trame de
hospitality's~de l'hospitalité
genders~genders
Caiaphas's~Années Caïphe
troupers~troupers
lieu's~lieu de
tailbacks~tailbacks
dictum's~dictum's
nonparallels~nonparallels
proficient's~de compétents
uncomplimentary~désobligeante
Cristina's~Cristina de
calla's~calla de
soapiness's~de soapiness
spits~spits
Chadian~tchadienne
alike~ressemblent
Purana's~Années Purana
kappa~kappa
Huygens~Huygens
expendable~expendable
Mysore's~Mysore de
proconsuls~proconsuls
palmtops~palmtops
hepatic~hépatique
Rolodex~Rolodex
stridency's~de stridence
Edmond's~Edmond
soled~soled
Cabrera's~Cabrera de
freckles~freckles
thesaurus~thésaurus
Suzanne's~Suzanne
verified~vérifié
voiding~mictions
edifier~edifier
orgiastic~orgiaque
Kano~Kano
attendees~participants
fist~fist
gores~gores
knockout's~knock-out de
Tamerlane~Tamerlan
engorge~engorge
hemmer~Hemmer
backwardness's~retard de
reparations~réparations
clappers~claquoirs
scariness's~de frayeur
Soto's~Soto de
eliminator~eliminator
scolding's~de gronder
boost's~coup de pouce de
dishonoured~dishonoured
frustrated~frustrated
dilate~dilate
pathological~pathologique
lauding~censer
Bowers's~Années Bowers
infantry~infanterie
scorer~buteur
vanquishers~vainqueurs
Evangelical~Évangélique
calibre~calibre
salutation's~salutation de
autoworker's~autoworker de
Lollobrigida~Lollobrigida
chancellor~chancelier
perspicacious~perspicace
astringency's~de astringence
tantalisation~tantalisation
hyperthyroidism~hyperthyroïdie
bursting~éclatement
Monacan~monacan
lookout's~belvédères de
Tami~Tami
doesn't~doesn't
guess's~guess's
dazing~dazing
timeouts~les délais d'attente
requiting~punition,
PlayStation~PlayStation
fixture's~fixture's
flickered~flickered
chatelaine~châtelaine
coiffing~coiffing
staffs~états-majors
assays~essais
Leno's~Leno de
fathered~fathered
heroines~héroïnes
choroid's~de la choroïde
stocked~approvisionné
archiving~archivage
marketer~commercialisation
pocketing~pockets
barley~orge
antiquary's~antiquary de
rectitude~rectitude
regrettable~regrettable
tabletop's~set de table
inclusiveness~inclusivité
asset's~les atouts
Ebola~Ebola
chopstick~chopstick
Morgan's~Morgan
plantain~banane plantain
politician's~Les politiciens
Utrecht~Utrecht
anarchists~anarchistes
smackers~lèvres
Chechnya~Tchétchénie
casseroling~casseroling
swashed~swashed
enterprisingly~enterprisingly
lactation~lactation
triceps~triceps
grafter~grafter
yearling's~de yearling
impulsing~impulsant
arena's~arène de
recitatives~récitatifs
gash's~gash's
minced~haché
oleomargarine's~de oleomargarine
Samoa~Samoa
spreadable~tartinable
Samoset's~Samoset de
butterfly's~m papillon
copybooks~copybooks
Lorraine's~Lorraines
Eysenck's~Eysenck de
pedagogues~pédagogues
viviparous~vivipare
decimal's~decimal's
walleye's~le doré jaune de
narwhal's~narval de
listings~annonces
vibrato~vibrato
cliques~cliques
topdressing~terreautage
eases~eases
sombreros~sombreros
dahlia's~dahlia's
Malcolm's~Malcolm de
bulking~gonflement
newscasters~speakers
sabra~sabra
striplings~jouvenceaux
hydrocarbon's~hydrocarbures de
million~million
exercising~exercising
Atlantis's~Atlantis de
pubis's~Années pubienne
Vijayanagar's~Vijayanagar de
obliterate~effacer
Fiat~Décret
phonemic~phonémique
combativeness's~de combativité
author~auteur
deifying~deifying
honeymoon's~lune de miel de
aluminium's~aluminium de
cooker~cooker
doodah~doodah
Pfizer~Pfizer
passing's~de passage
afterburners~postcombustion
Inez's~Inès de
evocation~evocation
plume~plume
blabbermouths~blabbermouths
trinket~bibelot
Nicobar~Nicobar
Sherpa~Sherpa
firefighting's~firefighting's
goldsmith~goldsmith
governmental~governmental
hazmat~matières dangereuses
shpt~SHPT
ruff's~ruff de
weariness~lassitude
Somoza~Somoza
Born's~est né
hims~Hims
Jock's~Jock de
badmen~Mauvais hommes
overindulgence~abus
raring~enthousiaste
ghats~ghats
warmongering~belliciste
challenges~défis
papaya~Papaye
witless~stupide
insure~assurer
Western's~Les westerns
silverfish~poisson d'argent
headmasters~les chefs d'établissement
adumbration~ébauchement
Gandhian~gandhien
yetis~yétis
axletrees~essieux
bootstrap~bootstrap
vividness~éclat
HQ~HQ
bur's~bur de
Gujarati~gujarati
frill~frill
ginkgo~ginkgo
Sterno~Sterno
rapist~violeur
halitosis~halitosis
baster's~Années Baster
Mackinac~Mackinac
cinematography~cinématographie
retrial~nouveau procès
saunter~flâner
Indianapolis~Indianapolis
galvanometer~galvanometer
heated~chauffé
truelove~l'amour vrai
scarpers~scarpers
hotbed's~de haut lieu
gadder~gadder
ceremonies~cérémonies
begrimes~begrimes
Wheeler~affairiste
Austrian~autrichien
lofting~lofting
curacy~curacy
leaping~saut
palpitates~palpite
brittle~fragile
mayoresses~mairesses
interweaves~entrelace
applied~appliqué
Oswald~Oswald
educationists~educationists
ennobled~ennobled
gaffs~gaffs
cobalt's~cobalt de
Oahu~Oahu
constrictions~constrictions
precision's~précision de
molars~molaires
abbreviating~abrégeant
personalty's~personalty de
sealer~chasseur de phoque
satrap~satrape
pronominal's~pronominale de
Conservative~Conservateur
cooperates~cooperates
conjugations~conjugaisons
coulee's~coulee's
comedienne's~de comedienne
mumblers~mumblers
Collier's~Collier de
hacker's~hacker's
assassinate~assassiner
divvy~divvy
implication~implication
navigability~navigabilité
PA~Pennsylvanie
Psalms~Psaumes
cubicles~cubicles
dilly~dilly
merrily~joyeusement
skiving~parage
professorially~professorially
experimented~experimented
legionnaire~légionelles
summertime's~été de
thralled~thralled
specialised~spécialisé
lived~vivait
wholly~entièrement
follower~follower
assessments~évaluations
vise's~étaux de
sottish~sottish
allowing~en permettant
rectors~recteurs
secures~sécurise
toff~dandy
turbofan's~turbofan de
twinks~minets
honorific~honorifique
yup~Ouaip
slugging~briquetage
Tracy's~Tracy
stone~pierre
unscripted~unscripted
Lopez~Lopez
ferule~ferule
shots~coups
recapitulate~récapituler
periodontics~parodontie
mutable~mutable
applicant's~candidats
piggybacks~se greffe
pinnacle's~pinacle de
symphonic~symphonique
conducting~la conduite
overindulgence's~de overindulgence
discoursing~discoursing
chowders~chaudrées
typified~typé
Laundromat's~laverie automatique de
misanthropes~misanthropes
tip's~conseils
cheapness~bas prix
crawlier~crawlier
streetcar~tramway
unhealthful~unhealthful
pinkie's~petit doigt de
spritzing~spritzing
hairier~hairier
earthling~earthling
jolliness's~de jolliness
wallpapers~Fonds d'écran
laboursaving~laboursaving
exempting~exempting
faun~faun
noises~des bruits
contractual~contractual
tercentenary~tricentenaire
mortality's~la mortalité de
hotshot~champion
fascias~fascias
gardened~gardened
rooming~rooming
immunodeficiency's~immunodéficience de
jostling~bousculades
negated~niée
name~prénom
amplitudes~amplitudes
taffrail's~taffrail de
showmen~montreurs
stepparents~beaux parents
strangulated~étranglées
splat's~floc de
prowess's~prouesses de
decimetres~decimetres
Anouilh's~Anouilh de
Nanook~Nanook
Merrill's~Merrill de
hierarchy's~hiérarchie de
charismatic's~du charismatique
Latiner~Latiner
framed~framed
linty~Linty
Slackware's~Slackware de
dumpsites~dumpsites
creche's~creche's
exploiting~exploiting
veiled~voilé
resemble~ressembler
nonclinical~non clinique
rankness's~de rankness
pugilism~boxe
gating~gating
asphyxia's~asphyxie de
spottily~spottily
nonmetal~nonmétal
buckler~buckler
goofy~goofy
invites~invite
aright~un droit
cheerfulness~gaieté
mailman~Mailman
adulterer's~de fornicateur
anaemia~anémie
emitting~emitting
tourney's~tourney de
Atahualpa's~Atahualpa de
hotbox~boîte chaude
Wimsey~Wimsey
dally~dally
moot~discutable
pursuing~poursuivre
subornation~subornation
masseuse's~masseuse de
Mona~Mona
keepsake's~souvenir de
kidding~blague
treadling~pédalage
nationalising~nationalisant
scabby~scabieux
schoolmaster's~de maître d'école
two's~deux de
beseecher~beseecher
decriminalisation~decriminalisation
Psalms's~Psaumes de
blocking~blocage
baryon~baryon
dilatation~dilatation
isms~ismes
permanence's~permanence de
retainer~provision
Stalingrad's~stalingrad de
dumplings~dumplings
spooked~spooked
dentine~dentine
deportee~deportee
goring~goring
launchpad~rampe de lancement
at~à
soundtracks~bandes sonores
yams~ignames
albinos~albinos
Rodney~Rodney
forgetfulness~forgetfulness
oat~avoine
Scot~Écossais
parvenu~parvenu
balminess~balminess
Qantas~qantas
eleven's~eleven's
historical~historique
hysteria's~hystérie de
meiosis's~de la méiose
plateau's~plateau de
Charity~Charité
marts~marts
reworkings~reworkings
severed~coupé
harpsichords~clavecins
futurity~futurity
fancier~fancier
blanket~couverture
realign~réaligner
forgoer's~forgoer's
capsicum's~capsicum de
antidepressants~antidépresseurs
wooded~boisé
Slovenian~slovène
tightest~serré
invite~inviter
quids~chiques
wonderlands~wonderlands
ruminant~ruminant
Michaelmas~Saint-Michel
Hyperion~Hyperion
bull's~de taureau
hoax's~canular de
smarmy~flagorneur
beatifies~béatifie
countered~countered
Versailles's~Années Versailles
Ogbomosho~Ogbomosho
amble~amble
punchers~puncheurs
shadowboxes~shadowboxes
sough~murmure
regnant~régnant
Lepus~lepus
remarry~se remarier
ware's~marchandises
paintbox's~de paintbox
colossus's~colosse de
peckish~peckish
helices~helices
cosmetician~cosmetician
cuties~cuties
consist~consister
transformer~transformateur
byroads~les routes secondaires
bettering~améliorant
flavouring's~flavouring's
stingray~Stingray
uprearing~uprearing
dovetail's~dovetail's
fellow~fellow
Mollie~Mollie
babysat~babysat
dreamer~dreamer
join's~rejoindre son
birdied~a réussi un birdie
discredits~discredits
Hoff's~Hoff de
misquotation~citation inexacte
cheating~La triche
usage's~coutumes
dedicating~dedicating
campsites~campings
transcendentally~transcendantale
brusquely~brusquerie
scrapper's~scrapper de
inactivate~inactivent
falloffs~falloffs
readmit~réadmettre
Lenoir's~Lenoir
Khazar~Khazar
Fotomat's~de Fotomat
Weissmuller~Weissmuller
Mathew~Mathew
outsources~externalise
Closure's~fermeture de
gesticulation~gesticulation
munchies~fringale
receptiveness~réceptivité
declassification~declassification
Jetway's~Jetway de
intrepidity~intrépidité
spiderweb's~toiles d'araignée
pigskins~couennes
erasable~erasable
progeny's~progéniture de
abdication~abdication
exactest~exactest
inducements~avantages incitatifs
Janus's~Janus de
Debby~Debby
Macumba~Macumba
terrapin's~Terrapin de
fort's~fort's
urgent~urgent
redactor's~de redactor
fizzle~fizzle
fascism~fascism
bluing's~de bleuissement
juxtapose~juxtaposer
Genevieve's~Geneviève
Laura's~Laura
tonsure's~de tonsure
bookmaker's~de bookmaker
overanxious~hyperanxiété
workings~fonctionnement
diesels~diesels
meteors~météores
sedentary~sédentaire
Marian's~Marian
Belmopan's~Belmopan de
ulceration~ulcération
cardiograms~cardiogramme
kayaking~kayak
Isfahan's~Ispahan de
eaglet~eaglet
Reformation~Réformation
awn~barbelure
rosebushes~buissons de roses
Callisto's~Callisto
sett~pavé
Nair~Nair
cruets~cruets
Lat~Lat
etch~etch
foamier~foamier
seeding~ensemencement
unconventionally~non conventionnelle
bastardisations~bastardisations
chewier~caoutchouteux
rhea's~nandou de
cajole~cajoler
aperitif's~apéritif de
festive~festive
authorship~paternité
Pelee~Pelée
maundered~maundered
carpetbagger's~carpetbagger de
freezer's~freezer's
machinable~usinable
singlets~singulets
carbonises~carbonise
poorer~plus pauvre
cauterise~cautériser
species~espèce
weightlifters~haltérophiles
melodiousness's~de melodiousness
meg~meg
slapdash~impétuosité
loonier~loonier
nasalise~nasalise
Luann~Luann
bankcard's~carte bancaire de
opium~opium
objectify~objectiver
trench's~tranchée de
mislead~tromper
Lennon's~Lennon
killdeer~Killdeer
arrogance~arrogance
nippy~vif
romps~ébats
Churchill's~Churchill
Wallace~Wallace
FedEx~FedEx
undersides~dessous
lumberjack~bûcheron
heehaw~gros rire
juicing~juicing
leached~lessivé
Tessa~Tessa
swampiest~swampiest
vanquishing~vainquant
Weston's~Weston de
egregiousness's~egregiousness's
bindings~fixations
bias~préjugé
therapist's~thérapeute de
impertinences~impertinences
rankled~ulcéré
defusing~defusing
difficult~difficult
buckler's~buckler de
Representative~Représentant
developer's~developer's
cheat~Tricher
mainstays~piliers
halt's~halt's
Uriah's~Urie de
Tienanmen~Tienanmen
staid~rassis
pantomime's~pantomime de
unexceptionably~irrécusable
pianolas~pianolas
snooped~snooped
Grace~la grâce
authoritative~autorisé
Penna~Penne
mugwump~mugwump
sprawl~l'étalement
pasteurisation~pasteurisation
rampaged~saccages
outburst's~de débâcles
pustule's~de pustule
exposure~exposure
Runyon~Runyon
say's~dit
vocalises~Vocalises
seascape~paysage marin
knockabout~farce
blunderer's~gaffeur de
Malabar's~Malabar de
venue~lieu
fries~fries
garnishee~garnishee
petitioning~pétitionnement
duchy's~duchy's
ecosystem's~ecosystem's
Belgium's~Belgique de
kickbacks~de-vin
olive's~Olives
poundings~poundings
aggressor~agresseur
enact~enact
Calder~Calder
lovably~lovably
theatre's~du théâtre
ambiguity~ambiguïté
Bentley~Bentley
amounting~un montant
Roberts~Roberts
firebombed~firebombed
absences~absences
kilted~kilt
Mohammad's~Mohammad de
hydrologists~hydrologues
harlequin~harlequin
island~île
overshadowed~éclipsée
shillelaghs~Gourdins
Koizumi~Koizumi
tinsels~Guirlandes
Darius's~Darius de
lawgiver's~de législateur
excrescences~excrescences
Gordimer's~Gordimer de
hogtying~hogtying
playgroups~playgroups
Kirkpatrick~Kirkpatrick
primal~primitif
nutted~nutted
seeking~recherche
sheared~tondu
belletristic~artistique La
executioner~executioner
metabolites~métabolites
woodpeckers~piverts
Chadwick~Chadwick
blondness's~blondeur de
manuals~Manuels
Khorana~Khorana
newsworthiness's~de newsworthiness
iconography~iconographie
resurrect~ressusciter
expostulates~expostulates
Pilgrim's~Pilgrim
upsurges~résurgences
flicked~flicked
muttering's~de murmurant
overplay~surjouer
koshering~koshering
fomentation's~fomentation's
postdated~postdaté
Malaprop's~Malaprop de
pinpointing~repérage
ecclesiastic's~ecclesiastic's
constriction~constriction
paddy's~paddy
apprentice~apprenti
teased~taquiné
wingspan's~envergure de
antibiotic~antibiotique
obligated~obligé
polyhedron's~Années polyèdre
iodide~iodure
smooching~smooching
Gallo's~Gallo
purity~pureté
despairing~despairing
unmask~démasquer
radiology's~de radiologie
majoring~majoring
paratroopers~parachutistes
oneself~soi-même
backslashes~antislashs
gallantly~gallantly
conceals~cache
Fuzhou's~Fuzhou de
lentils~Lentilles
overdraft~découvert
depletion~depletion
slouch~se voûter
Harley's~Harley
visage's~de visage
fudge~fudge
gunnels~gunnels
topmast's~de hune
nativities~nativités
flinched~flinched
resident~résident
junction~jonction
ratting~dératisation
massacred~massacrée
RSI~RSI
Rd~Rd
Sellers's~Sellers de
Alcott's~Alcott de
cons~les inconvénients
Tibetan's~tibétaine de
detainee's~detainee's
unctuous~onctueux
shah~shah
typographic~typographique
restroom's~TOILETTES
retards~débiles
affords~pROCURE
locomotion~locomotion
jack's~jack
tapers~conicités
beatitude~béatitude
dictionaries~dictionaries
bigotry's~le sectarisme de
begrudgingly~de mauvaise grâce
trek~randonnée
regulation~règlement
swizzling~swizzling
fwy~fwy
slowest~le plus lent
posh~chic
Parmesan~Parmesan
unhinge~démonter
shutter's~volet de
sighing~soupirs
okay~d'accord
wherefore~pourquoi
helm's~Heaume
paperclip~trombone
gratuity~gratuity
redskin~Redskin
emotional~emotional
reinstatement's~le rétablissement de
eschewing~eschewing
unconscious~inconscient
parrot~perroquet
repetitiousness~répétitivité
Panamanian~panaméen
Manilla~manille
sputters~postillons
Muzak~Muzak
slimiest~slimiest
meanings~significations
pandered~flattait
assent~assentiment
Joyce's~Joyce
realisable~réalisable
exalts~exalts
tintypes~ferrotypes
crucial~crucial
misprint~coquille
Hangzhou's~Hangzhou de
degenerates~degenerates
plaintive~plaintif
formulation~formulation
Leroy~Leroy
fumigant's~fumigant's
proposition's~propositions
gusher~gusher
headbands~serre-tête
impedimenta~impédimenta
pompom~pom pom
watcher's~watchers
indemnity's~indemnité de
habitats~habitats
Encarta's~Encarta de
alohas~alohas
antedate~antidate
defalcating~defalcating
maximisation's~la maximisation de
chalks~craies
shortcake~tarte
slacking~slacking
absinth's~Années absinth
bombproof~bombproof
primroses~primevères
gentleness~gentleness
upshot's~résultat de
frequent~frequent
repatriating~Le rapatriement
Wall~mur
diallings~diallings
Sr~Sr
equilibrium's~equilibrium's
jouncing~jouncing
fabric~fabric
conformist's~conformistes de
perpetrator's~auteur de
centipedes~scolopendres
precooked~précuit
Opal's~Opal de
effendi's~effendi's
hobnobbing~frayer
cocksucker's~enculé de
Spartans~Spartiates
thunderbolt~coup de tonnerre
banquette's~de banquette
heinousness's~de noirceurs
grubbily~grubbily
heckle's~Heckle de
Charolais~Charolais
Chartism~Chartisme
noisemakers~bruiteurs
Serengeti's~Serengeti
imputation's~imputation de
Redmond~Redmond
Truckee's~Truckee de
clause's~clause de
felicitation's~felicitation's
outgo's~outgo de
unremittingly~sans relâche
affectingly~déchirante
reservoir's~réservoir de
helplessly~sans ressource
stole's~étole
Ethiopian~éthiopien
bandy~échanger
Triangulum~triangulum
Kathy's~Kathy
wiper~essuie-glace
newborn's~nouveau-né de
endogenous~endogenous
senates~sénats
birched~fustigé
jangles~jangles
highlands~hauts plateaux
paperboys~Paperboys
luff~lof
Navarro~Navarro
cheapens~rabaisse
basswood~basswood
memorials~mémoriaux
decorate~decorate
scars~cicatrices
confrontations~confrontations
heightened~accrue
forms~forms
incise~inciser
unintentional~involontaire
hyssop~hysope
notepads~Blocs-notes
midterm's~moyen terme de
teachings~enseignements
chordate~chordés
Ehrlich~Ehrlich
infrastructural~infrastructurel
requisites~requis
loci~lieux
japanning~vernissage
valance's~cantonnière de
sickroom's~sickroom de
carboy's~bombonne de
medullas~moelles
measurement's~des mesures
edifier's~edifier's
dissimulation's~dissimulation's
kitten~chaton
when~quand
preciously~précieusement
shorty~shorty
kettle~bouilloire
doormats~doormats
anoints~oindre
confidants~confidents
clunks~clunks
scheduled~prévue
tiled~carrelée
engrossed~engrossed
hackneying~hackneying
harpist's~harpiste de
debilitating~debilitating
reexamined~réexaminées
interloper's~Années Interloper
scrupulousness's~méticulosité de
Hamilcar~Hamilcar
topi~Topi
thyme's~thym de
chowder~chaudrée
ravine~ravin
swags~festons
mysticism~mysticisme
palatalised~palatalised
adjudication's~jugement de
senators~sénateurs
mooches~mooches
nonrefundable~non remboursable
conjugate~conjuguer
dumpy~dumpy
contingencies~contingencies
nosedives~piquées
esophageal~esophageal
overcharged~surchargée
babysitter's~baby-sitter de
interface~interface
blossoming~épanouissement
antirrhinum~muflier
barest~plus strict
monogram~monogramme
Brobdingnag's~Brobdingnag de
worldliness's~de mondanité
Loafers~Flâneurs
bonanza's~Bonanza de
Benet's~Benet
Sylvie's~de Sylvie
erased~erased
bitcoin's~Bitcoin de
wanderlust~esprit d'aventure
Pan~Casserole
sahib~sahib
om~om
hippopotamus's~Années hippopotamus
invention's~L'invention de
pascal~pascal
depressurise~depressurise
craftsmanship~craftsmanship
sake~Saké
Flatt's~flatt
sums~sommes
westernisation's~de occidentalisation
kindergartens~jardins d'enfants
calaboose's~Années taule
gabardine~gabardine
aitch~aitch
Nietzsche's~Nietzsche
nylon~nylon
hectogram's~hectogram de
muskiness~musquée
thew~thew
prune's~pruneau de
rule's~règles
backdrop~toile de fond
instigate~susciter
Francoise~Francoise
murderesses~assassines
excrement's~excrement's
nixed~nixed
featureless~featureless
Northeast's~nord-Est de
Orizaba's~Orizaba de
rifleman~fusilier
dislocates~dislocates
diarrhoea~diarrhoea
tenders~offres
spelldown~spelldown
untie~délier
cannoning~canyoning
dopey~dopey
equivocating~equivocating
cello's~violoncelle de
wonderfully~merveilleusement
muttony~muttony
pretty~joli
roughage~aliments de lest
unquestioningly~sans broncher
iTunes's~iTunes de
disappearances~disappearances
tickling~chatouillement
betide~betide
inalienably~inaliénablement
molestation's~attentat à la pudeur de
saleslady~saleslady
abstemiously~sobrement
leafless~leafless
jellied~en gelée
Arrhenius~Arrhenius
skis~des skis
disposable~disposable
Peugeot~Peugeot
tutors~tuteurs
perforated~perforé
accordionists~accordéonistes
moire~moiré
besotted~abruti
implacability~implacabilité
finickiness~finickiness
Purina's~Années Purina
outspokenness~outspokenness
Freddie's~Freddie
ebb~ebb
interlaces~entrelace
rat~rat
Conley's~Conley de
Innsbruck~Innsbruck
cuisines~cuisines
pursed~pinça
fells~fells
phenomenological~phénoménologique
anorectic's~anorexigènes de
sledge~une luge
cyclically~cyclically
Mason's~Mason
fretsaw's~fretsaw's
honeycombs~nids d'abeilles
scanner~scanner
upthrust's~poussée vers le haut de
peroxide~peroxyde
thinking~en pensant
sauntered~promenaient
Prozacs~Prozacs
puddle~flaque
Leah~Leah
Roscoe~Roscoe
rattiest~rattiest
Atman's~Atman de
emotionalised~emotionalised
cleanest~plus propre
bastardisation's~de abâtardissement
prelim~prelim
Leanne~Leanne
paralyses~paralysies
knothole's~Knothole de
campaigner~militant
morphia~morphine
poppadom~poppadom
fastening's~fastening's
ribbon~ruban
Bob~Bob
eraser~eraser
uprooted~déracinés
transitioning~transition
wreaking~semant
Lamaism's~de lamaïsme
Anabel~Anabel
liquidisers~Centrifugeuses
Depp's~Depp de
sponsored~sponsorisé
sinecure~sinécure
tooth's~dent de
wingspan~envergure
yearnings~aspirations
Baeyer~Baeyer
Pablo~Pablo
hillsides~coteaux
Fuentes~Fuentes
creeping~creeping
pecs~Pecs
overindulges~overindulges
whatchamacallit~whatchamacallit
lightened~allégé
absolutest~absolutest
Lagrangian~lagrangien
fleeced~fleeced
lines~lignes
Olav~Olav
glasses~glasses
standers~standers
posture~posture
evaluates~evaluates
aeration's~l'aération de
redeploy~redéployer
payphone~téléphone à pièces
handedness~handedness
documentation's~documentation's
indemnity~indemnité
imperialistically~impérialiste
dichotomies~dichotomies
foundries~foundries
coverlet's~coverlet's
crabby~crabby
technician~technicien
blackmail~chantage
DEC~DÉC
bereavement~deuil
lakes~des lacs
rabbi's~rabbin
religion~religion
manage~gérer
landlords~propriétaires
Marsala's~Marsala de
cock~coq
McCarty's~McCarty de
lynch~lyncher
overdoes~exagère
grubbiest~grubbiest
leaven's~de levain
honestly~franchement
sulphate's~sulfate de
petticoats~jupons
bluejacket's~bluejacket de
Kringle's~kringle de
frumpier~frumpier
transitory~transitoire
musicianship's~de musicalité
ordinariness~banalité
daylight~daylight
coexistent~coexistant
Hoover's~Hoover
porch's~porche de
sunbather~sunbather
sickos~sickos
suspected~soupçonné
brunched~brunched
disputations~disputations
sledgehammer's~de marteau de forgeron
cookout~cookout
subconscious~subconscient
clearing's~de compensation
sandboxes~sandboxes
distaste~distaste
Fujitsu's~de Fujitsu
yodeller~yodleur
sunblock~sunblock
seasickness~mal de mer
floppiness~floppiness
Dominguez's~Dominguez de
Kohinoor's~Kohinoor de
overgrowth's~surcroissance de
peduncles~pédoncules
Quechua~Quechua
rabid~enragé
nicely~bien
coleus's~Années coleus
guesswork's~guesswork's
climatically~climatiquement
blather~bêtises
Langmuir's~Langmuir de
cyanide's~cyanide's
ersatz's~ersatz's
sterner~sterner
starvation's~de la famine
malfunctions~dysfonctionnements
NFL's~NFL de
Allan's~d'Allan
quality~qualité
dinkies~dinkies
yapped~jappait
fishpond's~fishpond's
slipway~cale
bluster's~fanfaronnades de
coupe~coupe
tender~soumissionner
locoweeds~locoweeds
repeaters~répéteurs
sojourning~séjournait
Monongahela's~monongahela de
Grammy's~Grammy
tangible~tangible
yipped~yipped
abrogation's~abrogation de
rudimentary~rudimentaire
still's~est encore
rues~rues
Anglican's~Années anglicans
cyclops's~cyclops's
father~father
mamboing~mamboing
lingerie~lingerie
classified~classifié
adjurations~adjurations
interval~intervalle
yet~encore
cachet~cachet
cadmium's~de cadmium
participating~participant
quainter~quainter
Lord~Seigneur
trainmen~trainmen
motor's~moteur de
lioness~lionne
stockyard's~de stockyard
inimical~hostile
dollops~dollops
condominium's~condominium de
pretty's~joli de
Gaiman~Gaiman
wasted~perdu
bougainvilleas~bougainvilliers
distilled~distilled
arsed~arsed
cartooned~cartooned
reason's~les raisons
mantels~mantels
congregant's~de congregant
concoctions~concoctions
outcropping's~de affleurer
ashcan~ashcan
titmouse~mésange
keyword's~mots clés
impersonation's~usurpation d'identité de
slitting~refendage
Alford's~Alford de
bouillons~bouillons
Earl's~Earl
laryngitis's~laryngite de
posthumous~posthume
Shebeli's~Années Shebeli
nonstick~antiadhésive
Trisha~Trisha
paralysis's~la paralysie de
behaviourally~comportemental
triple's~tRIPLE
cannonades~canonnades
posturings~gesticulations
skyjacking's~de détournement d'avion
coups~coups
geneses~geneses
Scottish~Écossais
corncob~corncob
hedgehog~hérisson
repossessed~repris
accepts~accepte
ideologues~idéologues
lasts~dure
nonsmoker~non fumeur
abasement~humiliation
refill's~recharge de
toxicology's~toxicologie de
minestrone's~minestrone de
haloed~haloed
preadolescence's~de la préadolescence
fronds~fronds
sq~sq
stegosauri~stegosauria
Serrano's~Serrano
lipsticking~lipsticking
jaywalker's~de Jaywalker
psychopath~psychopathe
glaring~glaring
upcountry~upcountry
torchbearers~relayeurs
magnifier~loupe
assertion's~L'affirmation de
Ross's~Ross
son's~fils
denigrates~denigrates
sullen~renfrogné
carats~carats
phoning~phoning
staidest~staidest
quine~Quine
wizard's~assistant de
reviled~vilipendé
equivalence~equivalence
diamondback~diamondback
Kirghiz's~Kirghiz de
rubs~frictionner
circular's~de circulaires
underbrush's~années de sous-bois
proofed~imperméabilisé
conquest~conquête
peppermints~peppermints
northeaster~Northeaster
public~public
Chelsea's~Chelsea de
nucleolus~nucléole
subscriptions~abonnements
enfolds~enfolds
slipperiest~glissante
disproportion~disproportion
charier~Charier
fiftieths~fiftieths
differently~differently
misapprehend~mal comprendre
perceive~apercevoir
clasped~jointes
synaptic~synaptique
Katherine's~Katherine
foolproof~foolproof
valley~vallée
Tm~Tm
tenderhearted~tendre
turbocharging~turbocompression
disturber~disturber
Honduras's~Années Honduras
policy's~de la politique
modellers~modélisateurs
narrowing~rétrécissement
segregated~séparé
vanity~vanité
Seuss~Seuss
newbie's~newbie
stigma~stigmate
taco's~taco de
dilutions~dilutions
Avogadro~Avogadro
filibuster's~filibuster's
swankiness's~de swankiness
VAXes~VAX
sidings~bardages
redacted~expurgée
lassie~gamine
devotional~devotional
bedsore's~escarres
atonement~expiation
Little~Peu
uncurling~défrisage
merriment's~de réjouissance
kappas~kappas
misguides~égare
greasing~greasing
velocipedes~vélocipèdes
promising~prometteur
sweatband's~Années Basane
thereto~y
Heloise's~Héloïse de
embosser's~embosser's
ground~ground
mistral~mistral
Ursa~Ursa
heuristics~heuristiques
serfs~serfs
alphabetiser~alphabetiser
hoagie's~de Hoagie
Harlow's~Harlow de
Barbara~Barbara
caressed~caressée
blazed~blazé
readability's~la lisibilité de
corruptly~corruptly
ghostwriting~ghostwriting
sleekly~sleekly
telly's~telly de
errand~errand
adornment's~parure de
awkwardness~maladresse
lutetium~lutécium
blooming~épanouissement
shaver's~les rasoirs
newsprint's~du papier journal
Freon's~de fréon
prosthesis~prothèse
relating~relative
coexistence's~la coexistence de
stupor's~hébétude de
rediscovers~redécouvre
storing~stockage
microbiological~microbiologique
prognathous~prognathe
headstalls~têtières
Marches~Marches
Cassiopeia's~Cassiopeia de
Breton~Breton
thimblefuls~dés à coudre
barf~barf
cowman~cowman
fluffiest~fluffiest
Brenner~Brenner
infielder's~de joueur de champ intérieur
I'd~je voudrais
Chernobyl's~Tchernobyl de
exampling~exampling
sorbet~sorbet
promotions~promotions
Roger~Roger
comportment~comportment
evacuees~evacuees
ironwood's~Ironwood de
writer~écrivain
franchise~franchise
septuagenarian~septuagenarian
stereos~chaînes stéréo
argumentative~raisonneur
metricated~metricated
pitapat~pitapat
beings~êtres
gyrfalcon's~gyrfalcon's
blatancy's~de blatancy
fruity~fruity
contentment~contentment
fibreboard~fibreboard
readability~lisibilité
cosignatory's~cosignatory's
protozoa~protozoaire
rajah's~Rajah de
lubricated~lubrifiée
nobbling~nobbling
tautology~tautologie
pesticide's~pesticides de
washrag~washrag
similitude~similitude
rares~rares
retainers~dispositifs de retenue
nerds~nerds
grittiest~grittiest
speeches~discours
falcon's~falcon's
Loyola's~Loyola
choicest~choicest
glassblowing's~glassblowing's
culinary~culinary
wayfaring's~de wayfaring
shamed~fait honte
pulverise~pulvériser
waffle~gaufre
thespians~thespians
legionnaire's~légionnaires
worriment~worriment
Purus~Purus
Jung~Jung
nonathletic~non athlétiques
bullhorn's~porte-voix de
pigskin~peau de porc
forestation~forestation
destroyed~destroyed
gripper~gripper
plushly~plushly
wags~plaisantins
journalistic~journalistique
Tahoe's~Tahoe de
Murine~murine
November's~novembre de
semiprecious~semi-précieux
garishness's~garishness's
afterimage's~afterimage de
plaintively~plaintivement
fuckhead~fuckhead
sleeveless~Sans manches
spearing~harpon
effacement's~effacement's
bawling~gueulard
spurge's~euphorbe de
puppetry's~de théâtre de marionnettes
naffest~naffest
waddle's~dandiner de
electromotive~electromotive
impermanently~impermanently
sneaks~se faufile
happily~happily
plumbers~plombiers
coining~forgeant
cellulite~cellulite
parakeet's~de perruche
sleighs~carrioles
depictions~depictions
margarita~Margarita
cloverleaf~cloverleaf
moonlight's~clair de lune de
caliph~calife
sapsucker~sapsucker
syllable~syllabe
taxonomy~taxonomie
meatloaf's~pain de viande années
transmogrify~métamorphoser
fierce~fierce
Dodoma~Dodoma
obsolescing~obsolescing
extension's~extension's
uninstallable~installable
Democrat~Démocrate
legation's~de légation
indecent~indécent
undress~déshabiller
griffin~griffin
shagging~shagging
delight~delight
Marco's~Marco de
businesses~entreprises
etiologic~etiologic
remittances~les envois de fonds
diatribes~diatribes
mangled~mutilée
sleepwalks~somnambule
shamble's~pagaille
Liverpudlian's~Années Liverpudlian
osprey~balbuzard
writ~ordonnance
glassing~glassing
mynah's~de mainates
Blanca's~Blanca de
dolphin's~dolphin's
conference's~de conférence
trash's~poubelle de
Chartism's~chartisme de
weaklings~faiblards
mortise~mortaise
fat's~fat's
jackdaw's~choucas de
Brenda's~Brenda
skating's~de patinage
Jansenist's~janséniste de
Creation~Création
enamelled~enamelled
ergonomic~ergonomic
Gleason~Gleason
tumbled~dégringolé
nightclothes's~Années vêtements de nuit
inestimable~inestimable
watt~watt
tor's~tEUR
Atropos~atropos
Holt~Holt
reanalyse~Réanalyser
smorgasbord's~assortiment de
atherosclerotic~athéroscléreuse
passels~passels
torque~torque
interrelationship's~interrelation de
bendy~bendy
Velasquez's~Velasquez de
epitaph's~epitaph's
xylem~xylème
reheated~réchauffés
insulated~isolé
Wagnerian's~wagnérien de
Eltanin's~Eltanin de
parcelling~lotissement
technocrat~technocrate
lolly~fric
staggers~titube
offer~offre
scaffolds~échafauds
freights~freights
auscultation~auscultation
brushwood~broussailles
Wellington~Wellington
crosscheck's~crosscheck's
ebullient~ebullient
testifier's~de testifier
insurgent's~insurgé de
Unitas's~Années Unitas
preheats~préchauffe
Leger~Leger
hemlock's~de la pruche
persons~personnes
atomiser's~de atomiser
shipbuilders~constructeurs de navires
kickiest~kickiest
pejoratively~péjorativement
tracer~traceur
Afro's~Afro de
launcher~lanceur
pricey~cher
thou's~tu est
betaken~être pris
entitlement~entitlement
collectable~collectables
accomplish~accomplir
potpourri~pot-pourri
float's~float's
technology's~La technologie de
avenues~avenues
reclassification's~de reclassement
input's~contributions
glow~glow
engraver's~engraver's
proctoring~la surveillance d'examens
dry's~dry's
populists~populistes
chads~chads
echos~echos
CAD's~CAD de
teller's~de bonne aventure
collaborates~collabore
firehouse's~firehouse's
Jeremiah~Jeremiah
wunderkind~enfant prodige
pee~pipi
syncing~la synchronisation
astounding~étonnant
Ruben~Ruben
meanderings's~Années Méandres
Wheaties's~Années Wheaties
carding~cardage
rah~rah
Xmas~Noël
trouncers~trouncers
colloquiums~colloques
charlatanry~charlatanerie
equability's~equability's
tofu's~tofu années
footmen~footmen
deserter~deserter
budgets~budgets
limpet's~Années patelle
bearably~bearably
dancers~dancers
litterers~litterers
logic's~de la logique
Attic~Grenier
immortal~immortel
gingham's~gingham's
cheerless~triste
skunks~mouffettes
leaner~plus maigre
dune's~dune's
groom~groom
moaning~gémissant
Appalachian's~Appalaches de
Carlton~Carlton
SQL~SQL
embroiderer~embroiderer
Ben~Ben
Aborigine's~Années Aborigène
ladles~cuillers
eddying~eddying
crazed~crazed
buckwheat~sarrasin
pimples~boutons
restyles~restyles
cashiering~cashiering
placates~apaise
sexual~sexuel
vanes~ailettes
pleat~pli
carbohydrates~les glucides
Lindsay~Lindsay
sounds~des sons
spherically~sphériquement
culottes~culottes
tizz~tizz
privater~privater
shrimped~shrimped
urbanologists~urbanologists
corms~corms
meliorated~améliorée car
Mulroney's~Mulroney
porn~porno
Mancunians~Mancunians
molester~molester
propellants~ergols
imprecations~imprécations
escapement's~escapement's
Wallenstein~Wallenstein
eiderdowns~eiderdowns
monarchic~monarchique
picnic~pique-nique
triplet~triolet
ethology's~ethology's
franchiser~franchiser
atrioventricular~atrioventriculaire
Islamabad~Islamabad
melodramatic~mélodramatique
persecutors~persécuteurs
predilections~prédilections
foible's~foible's
pismire's~pismire de
hypothyroidism's~de l'hypothyroïdie
plonks~plonks
overprotects~surprotège
rugrat~rugrat
pickpockets~pickpockets
vacs~CRDV
MOOC~MOOC
disquisition~disquisition
democrats~democrats
Persia~Perse
whops~whops
escarpment~escarpment
sangs~sangs
Filipinos~filipinos
histamine~histamine
idea's~idée de
marigold~souci
rankness~exubérance
cobble's~de galets
dissonance's~dissonance's
blacksmith's~forgeron
unquiet~inquiet
marker's~Marqueurs
Mia's~Mia
GNU~GNOU
blenches~blenches
foghorns~foghorns
shaving~rasage
reunited~réunis
Maupassant's~Maupassant
hotness~hotness
bewailed~lamentait
Chin~Menton
drawling~drawling
fare's~fare's
fieldsmen~fieldsmen
tiptoe~la pointe des pieds
REMs~REMs
knitter~tricoteur
scene's~de scène
splats~splats
notation~notation
lousiness~mépris
anybody's~tout le monde est
democracy~democracy
disown~disown
firth's~firth's
simile's~simile de
Susie's~Susie
devouter~devouter
oatcake's~oatcake de
wombats~wombats
grown~grown
bartender's~barman de
etymologist~etymologist
Gienah~Gienah
Rosetta's~Rosetta
Quinton's~QUINTON
vigils~veillées
paradox~paradoxe
sparseness~faible densité
because~car
Fokker~Fokker
adulteration's~adultération de
Tungus~Tungus
clearances~jeux
cheekiest~effronté
Giza~Gizeh
Jones's~Jones
troupe~troupe
uncleanness~malpropreté
acclimatisation~acclimatation
thirteenths~treizièmes
histrionic~théâtral
discomforted~discomforted
cowherd's~cowherd's
knife~couteau
stubbing~stubbing
pharyngitis~pharyngite
mousier~mousier
wangler~Wangler
irksomeness~ennui
cockleshells~cockleshells
Xanthippe~Xanthippe
photographer's~pHOTOGRAPHE
Bolivia's~Bolivie de
squiggled~squiggled
memorandum~mémorandum
Copland~Terres de flic
skids~dérapages
rector~recteur
optimum's~optimal de
fission's~fission's
jogger~joggeur
Val's~Val de
nosed~nez
entail~entail
Farrow~Mettre bas
nocturnal~nocturne
miens~miens
caddie's~caddie de
bitchiness's~de bitchiness
cretinism's~cretinism's
Milken's~Milken de
moralised~Moralised
limos~limos
hosted~hébergé
guestrooms~guestrooms
jockstrap's~de jockstrap
Fatimid's~fatimide de
wheelhouses~timoneries
Machiavellian~machiavélique
seedcase~péricarpe
euphoric~euphoric
bluntness's~brusquerie de
equated~equated
Canton's~canton de
spumoni's~spumoni de
clericalism~cléricalisme
Lipscomb~Lipscomb
discussant~discussant
barrener~barrener
seiner's~senneur de
Holmes's~Holmes
squalider~squalider
PC~ordinateur personnel
ranges~gammes
Victorian's~de l'époque victorienne
snobbery's~snobisme de
raunchiness~raunchiness
Langmuir~Langmuir
Iqbal~Iqbal
disport~disport
zanier~Zanier
admittedly~de l'aveu général
mouthy~à grande queule
gangrened~gangrened
recruiter~recruteur
testimony's~Le témoignage de
manuscript~manuscrit
rebuilt~reconstruit
titillates~titille
risk~risque
Luxembourg~Luxembourg
outhouse~appentis
thickening~épaississant
gardening~gardening
scrums~points de presse
steeplejacks~Steeplejacks
norther~norther
enquired~enquired
afternoon's~les après-midi
housewarming~pendre la crémaillère
gusher's~gusher's
Keaton~Keaton
Eurodollar's~Années Eurodollar
abducted~enlevés
pitying~compatissant
log~bûche
leveller's~de niveleur
profiterole's~Profiteroles
stratify~stratifier
audiotapes~cassettes audio
lined~doublé
contestant~contestant
mutilate~mutiler
sluices~pertuis
chock's~chock de
outcast's~de paria
Khmer~khmer
pedicabs~pedicabs
expressing~expressing
Brisbane~Brisbane
innervated~innervée
housebound~housebound
microcosms~microcosmes
marginally~légèrement
Cherie's~Cherie
reenacts~reenacts
outlined~décrit
stepdaughter's~de belle-fille
Rudolf's~Rudolf de
toolboxes~boîtes à outils
emphasis~emphasis
advent~avènement
Pacino~Pacino
strips~bandes
impinges~vient frapper
priestliness's~priestliness de
jaywalks~jaywalks
prudence's~de prudence
foregathering~foregathering
kindles~kindles
TD~TD
Clytemnestra~Clytemnestre
hairbreadth~hairbreadth
tiniest~plus minuscule
chiller~refroidisseur
hungriness's~de hungriness
newt's~ASPICs
couch~couch
refrigerator~réfrigérateur
culpably~culpably
recreated~recréée
guanine's~guanine's
noticeable~perceptible
Lithuania~Lituanie
dachshunds~dachshunds
coauthors~co-auteurs
Evenki's~evenki de
recriminate~récriminer
Rabelais~Rabelais
jamb~montant
oversupplying~surcapacités
screeching~crissement
saturates~saturés
brooked~tolérait
tinctures~Teintures
kaffeeklatches~kaffeeklatches
fix~fix
unreported~non déclarée
ditch's~ditch's
chairlifts~télésièges
jays~geais
compacter~compacter
meals~repas
poshest~poshest
elongates~elongates
cretinism~cretinism
captaining~captaining
motocross's~motocross de
brisks~brisks
Jaclyn~Jaclyn
starves~meurt de faim
sniffiest~sniffiest
unfathomable~insondable
highfalutin~prétentieux
Tombaugh's~Tombaugh de
vacillate~vaciller
Herman~Herman
cootie~cootie
nomenclatures~nomenclatures
precipitate's~précipité de
super~super
Andromache's~Andromaque de
voltages~tensions
garlic~garlic
lustfully~lascivement
team~équipe
belfry's~campanile de
bodily~physique
jihadist's~djihadiste de
excursionists~excursionists
Modesto's~Modesto de
appeals~appels
gills~gills
melon's~melon années
flounder's~flounder's
redecoration's~de redécoration
Sung~Chanté
retarded~attardé
Henrietta's~Henriette de
thermal's~Thermal
wiling~wiling
cottons~cottons
pinkest~pinkest
Corot~corot
grubbed~grubbed
abbeys~abbayes
exemplifications~exemplifications
skulked~rôdaient furtivement
paragraphing~paragraphage
fiascoes~fiascoes
digress~digress
disregards~disregards
bucolically~bucolically
menhaden~alose
winnower's~de tarare
Venuses~vénus
Irish~irlandais
pueblos~pueblos
Watt's~Watt de
Edmond~Edmond
noble~noble
cloverleaves~trèfles
scientist's~scientifiques
Mameluke's~mamelouk de
pasted~collé
Comte's~Comte
marketeers~marketeers
nonconductor~isolant
Bigfoot's~Bigfoot de
purses~sacs à main
Chadian's~tchadienne de
organiser's~les organisateurs
bowlful~bolée
substituted~substitué
iTunes~iTunes
furnaces~furnaces
rockiness's~de rockiness
elbowed~elbowed
impugned~contestée
sneerings~sneerings
whooshes~whooshes
lowlife's~de Lowlife
lodestones~magnétites
sham's~trompe-l'œil de
scamming~escroquer
server~serveur
prioritises~accorde la priorité
immeasurable~incommensurable
voidable~annulable
bounden~bounden
orthogonal~orthogonal
pounding~martèlement
roasting's~rôtit
investigations~enquêtes
expound~expound
Louis's~Louis de
Ritz's~Ritz de
Harvey's~Harvey
Virginians~virginians
Nerf's~Années Nerf
surnames~noms de famille
fascicles~fascicles
freeman's~freeman's
gusto~gusto
grandees~grandees
mushroomed~poussé comme des champignons
whitened~blanchies
bullshitter's~de bullshitter
forearms~forearms
dismissing~dismissing
insuperably~invinciblement
doltish~doltish
opposite's~est en face
leisurely~tranquille
Bertelsmann~Bertelsmann
recollection's~souvenir de
extortioners~extortioners
restructurings~restructuration
z~z
Stilton~Stilton
triteness~banalité
Taejon's~Taejon de
inanely~niaisement
ranged~distance
toxicology~toxicologie
gut~gut
musicianly~musicienne
confraternity~confraternité
hoecakes~hoecakes
rescuers~sauveurs
Mabel's~Mabel de
Elgar's~Elgar
Calvinist's~calviniste de
speculator's~de spéculateur
flabbier~flabbier
imitators~imitateurs
Jaxartes's~Années Iaxarte
interplay's~jeu de
providential~providentiel
pastels~pastels
twerking~danser le twerk
offstages~offstages
Stimson's~Stimson de
preponderance's~prépondérance de
nullity's~la nullité de
confided~confiait
shirker's~de embusqué
ptarmigans~lagopèdes
rovers~rovers
inelegance's~de inélégance
seignior~seigneur
conscript's~conscrit de
edging's~edging's
sheller~décortiqueur
Lanny's~Lanny de
bellies~ventres
seared~poêlé
flyweight's~flyweight's
Bayreuth~Bayreuth
vain~vain
statistically~statistiquement
aqueducts~aqueducs
Scotswomen~Scotswomen
overawed~intimidés
demands~demands
ulterior~ultérieur
unwariest~unwariest
nominees~candidats
bandit~bandit
HMO~HMO
domiciled~domiciled
grossly~grossly
AFC~AFC
benefactresses~bienfaitrices
posher~posher
ensnarement's~ensnarement's
gravity's~gravity's
Gadsden's~Gadsden de
dullard~dullard
glorify~glorify
demobilises~demobilises
resharpens~aiguise
barks~aboiements
boilermaker's~chaudronnier de
caudal~caudal
proofread~relire
Flory's~Flory de
idea~idée
cams~cames
Genesis~Genèse
setup~installer
Cohen's~Cohen
airline~Compagnie aérienne
smoky~enfumé
pabulum~niaiseries
fencer's~fencer's
upswing's~reprise de
habitual~habitual
payments~Paiements
escaping~escaping
garment's~garment's
characterise~caractériser
initialising~initialisant
basilica~Basilique
intruders~les intrus
nowadays's~est de nos jours
antifascist~anti-fasciste
warmheartedness~cordialité
partial~partiel
porphyry~porphyre
jingoistic~chauvins
gritter~gritter
chancre~chancre
cultivating~cultivating
ringmaster's~dompteur de
repriced~repricing
mu's~mu de
GOP~GOP
hypercritical~hypercritique
reverie~rêverie
cobweb's~de toile d'araignée
Sallust's~Salluste de
bewitches~envoûte
noninvasive~non invasive
riffed~repompée
misconstruction~fausse interprétation
society's~la société de
cowboys~cowboys
snagged~snagged
elegiac~elegiac
Chartres~Chartres
complected~complected
rotting~qui pourrit
WA~Washington
tailpieces~cordiers
themed~sur le thème
rents~loyers
Scruggs~Scruggs
mall~centre commercial
milling~fraisage
rototiller~motoculteur
breakfasting~déjeunant
jealousy~jalousie
aquifer's~aquifère de
trouncing~trouncing
saxophones~saxophones
resize~redimensionner
diversify~diversify
calumny~calomnie
uvular's~uvular de
thinkable~pensable
explicating~explicating
lacks~manque
bypaths~chemins détournés
caliphate~califat
startles~startles
casaba~casaba
circularises~circularises
Croatian's~croate de
checker~vérificateur
orangeness~Orangeness
favouring~favouring
hazer's~Hazer de
layer's~couches
biters~biters
slimline~Slimline
myriad~myriade
Tienanmen's~Années Tienanmen
geocaches~geocaches
blinker~clignotant
merchandiser's~de marchandiseur
foreplay's~foreplay's
wussy's~wussy de
Cinerama's~Cinerama de
unshakeable~indéfectible
chiseller~ciseleur
DMZ~DMZ
extemporising~extemporising
Bonner~Bonner
sculpts~sculpte
astuteness's~de sagacité
perkiest~perkiest
Pompey's~Pompée
denseness's~denseness's
redwood's~de bois rouge
supercities~supercities
dispersed~dispersed
penfriend~penfriend
ovals~ovales
critique's~critique's
rattled~secoué
superannuation~retraite
pharisaic~pharisaïque
Gama~Gama
winery's~cave de
bewilderment~perplexité
Miriam~Miriam
showstopper's~de Showstopper
externally~externally
inseam's~entrejambes de
including~comprenant
secretariats~secrétariats
Meadows's~Meadows de
logarithmic~logarithmique
advertiser's~l'annonceur
Kurd~Kurde
carver~sculpteur
Spencer~Spencer
abandoned~abandonné
toughing~toughing
lemongrass~Citronnelle
Brunei~Brunei
grump~grump
snippy~brusque
psis~SIEP
Taipei~Taipei
Encarta~Encarta
WWW's~WWW de
fibrosis~fibrosis
tightwads~radins
snorkeler~snorkeler
bluebonnet's~bluebonnet de
hunches~pressentiments
refulgence~éclat
sprinkles~saupoudre
Wassermann's~Wassermann de
substation's~station de
Marmara's~Marmara de
teachable~enseignable
slobbed~slobbed
Naismith~Naismith
loge's~loge de
Intelsat~Intelsat
organisationally~organisationnellement
poison's~poison de
benches~bancs
Volga~Volga
dowelled~dowelled
gigging~gigging
bearer's~porteur de
president~Président
disco's~disco's
pyrotechnic~pyrotechnique
Iceland's~l'Islande
beep's~bip de
brooking~brooking
starveling~famélique
streetcars~tramways
cool's~cool's
Polaroids~polaroids
Claude's~Claude de
hassock's~de hassock
verging~frisant
ascendant's~ascendant de
looker~looker
Titan's~Titan
alignment~alignement
lemon's~citrons
letterpress's~letterpress de
thorniest~plus épineux
gasmen~gasmen
hypnotherapists~hypnothérapeutes
denominator's~denominator's
fructifies~fructifies
zephyr~zéphyr
Musial~Musial
Dulles~Dulles
disenchanting~disenchanting
trigonometry's~de trigonométrie
wok~wok
patronisingly~patronisingly
intercom's~interphone de
foregathers~foregathers
ISP~ISP
brooding's~couvaison de
Indianapolis's~Indianapolis de
clam's~palourdes
mythologised~mythifié
warez~warez
analogously~analogue
designating~designating
plagiarisms~plagiats
hectors~hectors
flyleaves~flyleaves
bewitchingly~envoûtante
raceways~chemins de roulement
numerologist~numérologue
gatecrashes~gatecrashes
rammed~éperonné
avowed~déclaré
futurist's~futurist's
chalets~chalets
photojournalist's~de photojournaliste
imposition's~l'imposition par
Stein~Stein
staph~staphylocoque
corvettes~corvettes
markings~marquages
infrared~infrarouge
accumulators~accumulateurs
avocational~archéologue amateur
Wozzeck~Wozzeck
Xochipilli's~Xochipilli de
ovenbird~Ovenbird
company's~société de
abstractedness~distraction
hoarier~hoarier
squatness~squatness
orally~oralement
bestseller~Best-seller
hangover~hangover
constructiveness's~de constructivité
churchgoing~churchgoing
Meier~Meier
vole's~campagnol de
MVP's~MVP
ghostlier~ghostlier
embeds~embeds
devolves~devolves
expectoration's~expectoration's
Frito's~Frito de
whets~whets
channel~canal
Eurasians~Eurasiens
Josiah~Josiah
unknowing~unknowing
farina~farina
horny~corné
overexerts~overexerts
braided~tressé
situate~situer
Sanchez~Sanchez
outweighing~emportant
embroider~embroider
heathendom's~heathendom de
legends~légendes
cranks~cranks
disseminate~disseminate
bootless~infructueux
Ghats's~Années Ghâts
liquefies~liquéfie
Samsung's~de Samsung
revocable~révocable
nonexistent~inexistant
corrective~corrective
renaissance~Renaissance
initiation~initiation
revelry~festivités
jig's~Années sauteuses
imperils~EN pÉRIL
discretion's~discretion's
Pete's~Pete
venue's~du lieu
mungs~mungs
murmurous~murmurante
cruelties~cruelties
twist's~torsion de
panic~panique
serviette~serviette
essayist's~essayist's
retrorockets~rétrofusées
DiCaprio~DiCaprio
swagging~swagging
potful's~potée de
mend~réparer
prairie~prairie
whiskers~moustaches
unflaggingly~infatigablement
mgr~mgr
Corvette~Corvette
parturition~parturition
defecating~defecating
Pm's~pm de
panties~culotte
ears~ears
fop's~fop's
railroader's~de Cheminot
Sorbonne's~Sorbonne de
Rigel~Rigel
Mohammedanism~mahométanisme
refit's~Remettre en place de
variegation~bigarrure
conjugating~conjugaison
Truman's~Truman
vocalising~vocalisation
dynasty's~dynasty's
puttying~masticage
Budapest~Budapest
slaughterer~massacreur
barkers~aboyeurs
adhesion's~l'adhésion de
chevron's~Chevron
ombudsmen~ombudsmans
whippletree~Whippletree
backyard~arrière-cour
gangbusters's~gangbusters's
chge~Chge
connotation's~connotation de
compositor's~de typographe
Nancy~Nancy
disgorgement's~disgorgement's
proselytises~prosélytisme
properly~correctement
Tony's~Tony
mischievous~malicieux
chemise~nuisette
miscegenation~métissage
thirty~30
Lobachevsky's~Lobachevsky de
noodles~nouilles
insoluble~insoluble
hunchback's~de bossu
Torquemada's~Torquemada de
bush~buisson
bid's~La candidature de
rehearing's~de nouvelle audience
recharges~rechargements
pariah's~paria de
machine's~machines
Filipino's~philippin
nudists~nudisme
terrestrial's~terrestre de
stormy~orageux
smirking~Sourire narquois
decapitator's~decapitator's
Guallatiri's~Guallatiri de
infinities~infinités
CA~Californie
tactician's~Années tacticien
sons~fils
tweet~Tweet
suffix~suffixe
gnus~gnus
tanbark~tannée
jackhammers~marteaux-piqueurs
corroborates~corroborates
glimmers~glimmers
Baez's~Baez
Rockefeller's~Rockefeller
evangelical~evangelical
set's~ensemble de
chicories~chicorées
Banks's~banques de
inquisitor~inquisiteur
Burgundian~bourguignonne
tone~Ton
supercharges~suralimente
carbonising~carboniser
lipids~lipides
allegro's~Années allegro
uncompleted~inachevé
menthol's~menthol de
paleface's~Pâle de
tarps~bâches
dare's~dare's
unfriend~unfriend
domicile~domicile
obtrusiveness's~importunité de
narc's~NARC de
excuse~excuse
maladroitness~maladresse
pantomiming~pantomiming
Sullivan's~Sullivan
scruff's~scruff de
broadcast~diffuser
shield~bouclier
pander's~Pander de
pulley~poulie
Della's~della de
skulls~crânes
totality's~totalité de
Dramamine's~de Dramamine
pressman's~pressier de
protracts~rallongées
wellspring's~de wellspring
Roberson~Roberson
boycotting~boycotteur
cloth~tissu
eardrum's~eardrum's
nonsensically~inepte
divorces~divorces
dash's~dash's
amendment~amendement
decoupled~decoupled
iterator~iterator
lodes~filons
leeway's~marge de
locums~suppléance
unimplementable~irréalisables
premix~pré-mélange
propertied~possédant
urbanely~courtoisement
equip~equip
Vang's~Vang de
devise~devise
clangour~fracas
brevet's~de brevet
edition~edition
perjures~parjure
clapboards~clapboards
wastrels~gaspilleurs
domino's~domino's
Palmerston's~Palmerston
wursts~wursts
spammers~les spammeurs
skyjackings~détournements d'avions
pinkos~Pinkos
fungicide's~fungicide's
waviness's~de l'ondulation
miserableness~miserableness
figured~figured
staunchly~fermement
Antarctic's~Antarctique de
stitchery~stitchery
tested~examiné
snotty~morveux
souks~souks
suffocate~étouffer
politeness~politesse
demureness~demureness
Gauguin's~Gauguin
Bergen's~Bergen de
cartography~cartographie
ballad~ballade
Monterrey's~Monterrey de
emotions~emotions
Gustav~Gustav
dimple~dimple
forgoing~forgoing
wands~baguettes magiques
electrotype~electrotype
shore~rive
sorrowfulness~sorrowfulness
restorer's~rénovateur de
typicality~typicité
rec'd~reçue
craws~craws
pachyderm's~de pachyderme
plasma~plasma
cow's~cow's
what's~ce qui est
overrule~annuler
Macaulay's~Macaulay
benignity~bénignité
discontinuance's~discontinuance's
boondogglers~boondogglers
hermitage's~ermitage de
reagent's~réactif de
deceivers~deceivers
foreclosure's~foreclosure's
bedridden~alité
Meyer's~Meyer
quatrain's~quatrain
Aleichem's~Aleichem de
transporter's~transporteur de
woo~courtiser
eaters~eaters
superconductors~superconducteurs
jouster's~de jouteur
Edsel~Edsel
bark~écorce
Irkutsk~Irkoutsk
unconsumed~non consommée
entourage's~entourage's
whitewater's~eau vive de
infractions~infractions
snogs~snogs
tiramisu's~tiramisu de
robin~rouge-gorge
atomised~atomisée
user~utilisateur
breeches~culotte
kernel~noyau
sandbags~sacs de sable
sanitarium~sanatorium
folly~folly
incing~incing
pint's~pinte de
sunbathing~bain de soleil
Afghanistan's~aFGHAN
lyre~lyre
commendatory~commendataire
loofah~luffa
handout~handout
apatite~apatite
Neal's~Neal
palpated~palpé
ludicrously~risiblement
househusband's~de househusband
transcended~transcendé
grille~grille
Lupus's~Années Lupus
polluter's~pollueur de
exfoliate~exfoliate
tympanums~tympanons
squiggling~squiggling
Commons's~Années communes
Judea~Judée
pinged~pingué
asylum~asile
disagreeableness~disagreeableness
bonbon~Bonbon
boastful~vantard
aftereffect's~effets secondaires
studbook's~studbook de
Julius~Julius
mainframes~mainframes
retrains~requalifie
sprightliness's~de sprightliness
crusts~crusts
synapse's~Synapse
superhuman~surhumain
Joule's~Joule
scoffer~moqueur
causeway's~du pont-jetée
judge~juge
gymslips~gymslips
unknown's~Unknown
amazon's~amazone de
illiberally~illiberally
Oslo's~Oslo de
festively~festively
foggy~foggy
Bonaparte~Bonaparte
clandestinely~clandestinement
tenth's~dixième de
falsity's~falsity's
ropy~visqueux
Hitler's~Hitler
troublesome~gênant
burner's~brûleur de
Hungarians~Hongrois
stuntmen~stuntmen
Glaswegians~Glaswegians
owner~propriétaire
Pittsburgh's~Pittsburgh de
towrope~corde de remorquage
officialese~officialese
lonelier~lonelier
speediness's~de speediness
crazes~crazes
comprehensions~compréhensions
spigots~tourillons
Lucknow's~Lucknow de
Procter's~Procter de
wops~POE
misconception's~idée fausse de
headmistress~directrice
bedbugs~punaises
Zest~Zeste
moonstone's~Moonstone de
Thomistic~thomiste
charioteer's~aurige de
fricatives~fricatives
nonacceptance~non-acceptation
caseharden~caseharden
reemerging~réémergentes
gov~gov
reversibly~réversiblement
replicate~reproduire
commune's~commune de
kinematics~cinématique
cayuses~Cayuses
duellists~duellists
Kelley's~Kelley
Dorthy~Dorthy
leftest~leftest
scoot~filer
duskiness's~duskiness's
criticism~criticism
ibex~ibex
MGM's~MGM
buttermilk~Babeurre
mingy~radin
Ventolin's~Ventolin de
couplet~couplet
unman~unman
Wayne's~de Wayne
typesetters~typographes
Gilligan's~Gilligan
bluestocking's~bluestocking de
fontanelle~fontanelle
unlettered~illettré
depot's~depot's
aesthetes~esthéticiens
pusher's~poussoir de
curve~curve
epidemiologists~epidemiologists
participial~participial
semblance's~semblance de
jubilee~jubilé
batiste's~batiste de
steamboat's~bateau à vapeur de
ridgepole's~faîtage de
obstructionists~obstructionnistes
unriper~unriper
lairs~tanières
apparelling~apparelling
turtle~tortue
diplomata~diplomata
sleeplessly~sleeplessly
crapper~crapper
acclivities~escarpements
reweaves~retisse
dislodges~dislodges
immovability~fixité
steamrollers~steamrollers
bannock~bannique
cramp's~cramp's
turnovers~revirements
amercing~amercing
seem~sembler
visualisations~visualisations
frontispiece's~frontispiece's
OPEC~OPEP
Nicholas's~Nicholas de
clits~clitos
ascot's~de lavallière
Telemachus~Télémaque
tempter's~de tentateur
gasworks's~gasworks's
cutting's~cutting's
Kenton~Kenton
regeneration~régénération
ballplayer~joueur de baseball
vicariousness's~de vicariance
recurring~récurrent
UT's~UT de
starched~empesé
soggiest~soggiest
persecuted~persécutés
beryls~béryls
shipyard~chantier naval
tippexing~tippexing
awkwardness's~maladresses de
prepared~préparé
Lang's~Lang
foolery~foolery
horsewomen~horsewomen
Gestapos~Gestapos
spring's~printemps
Andes~Andes
excavating~excavating
Anne's~Anne
Sunbeam's~Rayon de soleil de
popularisation's~de popularisation
Watt~Watt
quieter~plus tranquille
deicer's~deicer's
signore~signore
Babel's~Babel de
hearing's~ouïe
spigot~robinet
audibility's~de audibilité
unassigned~Non attribué
Maharashtra~Maharashtra
Bucharest~Bucarest
qualifier~qualificatif
conceits~vanités
throats~gorge
reverberating~réverbérant
nomadic~nomade
discompose~discompose
provender's~provende de
Chirico~Chirico
tentative~provisoire
vanished~disparu
aftereffects~effets secondaires
exceptions~exceptions
unsparingly~sans ménagement
clapboarded~clapboarded
swamis~swamis
tankard~chope
Goldsmith's~Goldsmith
irretrievably~irréparablement
jr~jr
cap~casquette
lounge's~salon de
trashcan~poubelle
essence~essence
retest's~de nouveau test
vaulter's~sauteur de
Azazel~Azazel
slews~slews
terminators~terminateurs
suffragan's~suffragant de
pickled~marinés
boyfriend's~petit ami
plectrums~médiators
Catawba~Catawba
nightclubbing~nightclubbing
colic~coliques
constructor's~constructor's
toenail~ongle de pied
desuetude~desuetude
forties~forties
serenading~sérénade
peaked~pointu
blots~buvardages
Harlan~Harlan
brave's~de braves
doughier~doughier
married's~est mariée
sterilised~stérilisé
Pierrot's~Pierrot
spliff~spliff
lat~lat
paedophile~pédophile
machines~machines
apocrypha's~apocryphe de
aisle's~allée de
automotive~automobile
flattish~flattish
hagiographies~hagiographies
outclasses~surclasse
slightly~légèrement
nostrums~panacées
reek's~de puent
shuteye's~shuteye de
oeuvre~œuvre
groom's~groom's
Guinevere's~Guenièvre de
accompaniment~accompagnement
amplifies~amplifie
parleying~parlementer
sleazier~sordide
necessitous~nécessiteux
divide's~divide's
Romanian's~roumain de
women~femmes
breathalysers~alcootests
Gaia's~Gaia de
pursuance~poursuite
coccyges~coccyx
countenance's~countenance's
umpires~juges-arbitres
supernaturals~supernaturals
cowpuncher's~cowpuncher's
unhallowed~unhallowed
galactic~galactic
irruption's~de l'irruption
welter~confusion
crossbreeding~crossbreeding
micro~micro
pearly~nacré
electroscope's~electroscope's
unplayable~injouable
lightship~bateau-phare
grazes~grazes
Schiller's~Schiller
archaeologist~archéologue
swatting~écrasement
inglenooks~inglenooks
trump's~Trump
Marcus's~Marcus
gybed~gybed
mercurial~mercuriel
regurgitating~régurgiter
slivering~slivering
fibbed~fibbed
unsealed~descellé
unfastened~détaché
reembodying~reembodying
chiropody~podologie
overdecorate~overdecorate
beanfeasts~beanfeasts
partaker's~de partaker
oregano's~origan de
cloakroom~vestiaire
dirtying~dirtying
impecunious~impécunieux
valances~cantonnières
Pekingeses~Pekingeses
nonwhites~nonwhites
introduction~introduction
noisemaker's~bruiteur de
moviegoer~amateur de cinéma
lick~lécher
unlace~délacer
Mashhad's~Mashhad de
inventor's~inventeur de
Protestantisms~protestantismes
hosepipes~tuyau d'arrosage
bounties~générosités
dishware~dishware
Balkans's~Balkans de
Algonquians~Algonquins
unfold~se dérouler
onrush~ruée
must've~as dû
litmus's~de tournesol
noose~nœud coulant
picot~picot
aura~aura
cuffs~cuffs
mimeographed~ronéotypé
pincer~pince
placebos~placebos
waywardly~waywardly
alarm~alarme
Apuleius's~Apulée de
deliquesces~deliquesces
fantasia~fantasia
Bret~bret
duping~duping
oceanic~océanique
vocalisation~vocalisation
revaluation's~réévaluation de
beneficially~bénéficiaire
pilferage~chapardage
Tsitsihar's~Tsitsihar de
psoriasis~psoriasis
stands~peuplements
strongbox's~strongbox de
provision's~des provisions
stuffed~farci
piggiest~piggiest
squeaky~grinçant
muskeg's~fondrières de
foam's~foam's
Biscay~Biscaye
reroutes~réacheminements
distillation~distillation
fill~fill
Nelsen's~Nelsen de
sunhat~chapeau de soleil
cal~cal
daringly~daringly
added~ajoutée
perestroika's~perestroïka
Volkswagen's~Volkswagen
scoped~scope
reinspected~réinspecté
Ravel~Effilochage
inventors~inventeurs
entombment's~entombment's
rod's~tige de
bimonthly's~bimestriel
icecap's~calottes glaciaires
scopes~champs d'application
provokers~provocateurs
spinnerets~lières
reformulated~reformulé
reverend~révérend
dismounting~dismounting
Rowland's~Rowland
nonsmokers~les non-fumeurs
peregrinations~pérégrination
bargeman~batelier
rearmost~plus en arrière
harpsichordists~clavecinistes
Prince's~PRINCIER
thunder~tonnerre
cheesecloth~étamine
fellowman~fellowman
Sandburg~Sandburg
orphanage~orphelinat
paper~papier
Alpert~Alpert
twiddling~tripotant
postpones~reporte
grubber's~grubber's
woodcock~bécasse
Rosemary~Romarin
rustlers~rustlers
foldaway~foldaway
matted~emmêlé
superciliously~dédaigneusement
salvaged~récupéré
forgive~forgive
nonadministrative~non administratif
numerators~numérateurs
autopilots~pilotes automatiques
nonadjacent~nonadjacent
Quinn~Quinn
Eloise's~Eloise de
charade's~de charade
sandbag's~Années sacs de sable
geosyncline~geosyncline
Jake~Jake
dowses~dowses
polyamory~polyamour
behove~être du devoir
digraph~digraph
crumminess~crumminess
helve~helvelle
aspirins~aspirines
sleepiest~endormis
blackthorns~prunelliers
Himalaya~Himalaya
kiting~kiting
viticulturists~viticulteur
nonpracticing~non pratiquant
Bourbaki~Bourbaki
delphinium~delphinium
stroboscopic~stroboscopique
preen~se lisser les plumes
Arthur~Arthur
unaccounted~portés disparus
pharmacies~pharmacies
bravely~bravement
Arapahoes~Arapahoes
Puckett's~Puckett de
usurpation's~usurpation de
conjurers~prestidigitateurs
statehouse's~statehouse de
necklines~encolures
rapers~rapers
starlight's~starlight de
debriefing~debriefing
extremely~extremely
eruct~eruct
appreciate~apprécier
incites~incite
focus~focus
debit's~debit's
fishers~fishers
Broadway's~Broadway
Lovelace's~Lovelace de
Chinese~chinois
Hebert~Hebert
interdict~interdit
perfecta~Perfecta
pilot~pilote
teammates~coéquipiers
unfitted~non ajustées
tollways~tollways
performing~exécution
abbesses~Abbesses
intensification's~l'intensification de
obscenities~obscénités
croakier~croakier
paintbox~paintbox
backstop's~filet de sécurité de
industriously~industrieusement
perch's~perche années
Tim's~Tim
simpletons~nigauds
isotope~isotope
humanist~humaniste
rededicates~consacre de nouveau
landownings~landownings
switchboard~tableau électrique
unrecoverable~irrécupérables
baptising~baptisant
colloquium's~colloque de
egotists~egotists
smudge~tache
irritability~irritabilité
programmables~Programmables
wack's~Wack de
warrens~garennes
jouster~jouteur
transferred~transféré
untrammelled~sans entraves
shuddered~frémi
grooving~grooving
demonstrator~demonstrator
Yugoslav's~yougoslave de
overstretches~overstretches
acquisitions~acquisitions
atoned~expié
tortuousness's~tortuosité de
threshes~de batteuse
fizzling~fizzling
grader~grader
pronunciation's~prononciation de
Mycenaean~mycénienne
piastre~piastre
Ishmael's~Ismaël de
Buick's~Buick
maceration's~macération de
Volvo~Volvo
mesmerism~mesmérisme
ganglion's~ganglion's
undoing's~défaisant de
hothouse~serre
backstopping~appui
stork~cigogne
beanstalk's~de beanstalk
nontechnical~non technique
vexing~contrariant
nova~nova
Akkad~Akkad
presaging~présageant
deflective~deflective
dirks~dirks
townsman's~de concitoyen
facility's~facility's
Tammany's~Tammany de
pupa~pupe
apart~une part
compare's~comparer ce
phenol's~phénol de
benefice~bénéfice
tumbrils~tombereaux
Phillips~Phillips
flotations~flotations
Attucks~Attucks
descanted~descanted
circumvention's~le contournement de
Capella~Capella
ideal~idéal
Pueblo~Pueblo
overshares~overshares
bestselling~plus vendu
recogniser~recogniser
paved~pavé
ninny~nigaud
Zamenhof~Zamenhof
outbreaks~épidémies
Philby's~Philby de
beanstalk~tige d'haricot
Louisianians~Louisianais
shutters~volets
loggia~loggia
homeopath~homéopathe
symposium~symposium
outlook's~perspectives de
embrace's~embrace's
Morison~Morison
corbels~corbels
resembles~ressemble
whodunit's~Années Whodunit
tossups~tossups
Dwayne's~Dwayne de
inspection's~inspection de
litterer~Litterer
plonker~con
gradating~gradating
o'er~o'er
conspectuses~conspectuses
sickie's~de sickie
Earle's~Earle
egocentrically~egocentrically
unshaped~unshaped
chipping~écaillage
nimbus's~Nimbus
era's~era's
drywall's~drywall's
stealth~furtif
sawyer's~scieur de
saved~enregistré
medicare's~l'assurance-maladie de
dickey~dickey
mansions~manoirs
fleecers~fleecers
Ostrogoth's~ostrogoth de
flatland~flatland
codices~codex
proximity's~proximité de
OD's~OD de
hemp's~chanvre de
suggestion's~suggestions
recast~refonte
hyperventilation's~de hyperventilation
banquet~banquet
cantonal~cantonal
bamboozled~embobiner
Bella's~Bella
lava's~années lave
excelsior~excelsior
scragglier~scragglier
elongation~elongation
Chandragupta's~Candragupta de
hypnotise~hypnotise
flatterers~flatterers
refraction's~réfraction de
titter's~de ricanement
nonaddictive~nonaddictive
kudzu~kudzu
supt~supt
choler~colère
watchword~mot d'ordre
Burton~Burton
pilchard's~pilchard de
encyclopedias~encyclopedias
shapely~galbé
Lorenz's~Lorenz de
Maldives's~Années Maldives
fustiness's~fustiness's
diplomatist's~diplomatist's
southpaw's~southpaw de
doubts~doubts
darker~darker
footlocker's~footlocker's
pragmatists~pragmatistes
probability's~probabilité de
furore~furore
walleyed~louchait
merciless~sans merci
flunky's~flunky's
documentary's~documentary's
agonised~angoissé
infusing~infusant
shouldering~épaulement
devised~devised
mossiest~mossiest
competition's~compétitions
gratefully~gratefully
gainsayer~gainsayer
assignation's~de rendez-
infra~infra
pimped~souteneur
hears~Entend
backhanding~du revers
beguiled~séduite
evangelicalism's~evangelicalism's
emigrations~emigrations
commodes~Commodes
vagabondage's~vagabondage de
calumniation~calomnie
aqueous~aqueux
rewarding~récompense
unpicks~décrypte
Maeterlinck~Maeterlinck
photoed~photoed
marination~marinage
invigoratingly~invigoratingly
masculinity~masculinité
introit~introït
tan's~tan de
corrodes~corrodes
frumpy~frumpy
boarder's~boarder de
raw~brut
slumlords~slumlords
mendicancy's~de la mendicité
workweek~semaine de travail
defogging~defogging
governor's~governor's
demeans~demeans
broodiness~couvaison
gloominess~gloominess
conniver's~de conniver
reflexives~réflexifs
adoption~adoption
humanisers~humanisers
pompously~pompeuse
Sergei~Sergei
fiesta's~fiesta's
repressive~répressif
stippling~pointillé
Dubhe's~Dubhe de
airwaves~ondes
oarlock's~de tolet
meshes~mailles
outshine~éclipser
pedals~pédales
italicisation~italicisation
plywood's~contreplaqué des années
FHA's~HAF de
transponder's~transpondeur de
orthography~orthographe
transistor's~transistor de
triers~Trêves
cocks~coqs
horseflies~taons
buses~les autobus
defog~defog
Islam's~Islam de
adenoids~végétations adénoïdes
dumdum's~dumdum's
blockage~obstruction
DJ~DJ
celluloid's~de celluloïd
ballpoint's~bille de
Dirac~Dirac
choker~foulard
megachurch's~Années Megachurch
bathrobe's~peignoir de
minding~Mêlez
ttys~ttys
mildest~plus bénigne
nonrecoverable~nonrecoverable
boneshaker~boneshaker
semicolon~point-virgule
Calif~Californie
adolescents~adolescents
phage~phage
Hausdorff~Hausdorff
crusty~crusty
rafters~chevrons
Cooperstown's~Cooperstown
mascara~mascara
rand's~Rand
lobsters~homards
dispositions~dispositions
kindred's~de quelle famille
vegetarianism's~du végétarisme
Bailey's~Crème de whisky
forgiveness's~forgiveness's
undertows~ressacs
purposefulness's~de purposefulness
Michaelmas's~Années Michaelmas
arthroscopes~arthroscopes
caramelise~caraméliser
urbanise~urbaniser
maypoles~maypoles
OpenOffice~Bureau ouvert
intro~l'intro
conveyancing~conveyancing
overusing~surutilisation
Rivera's~Rivera de
nitro~nitro
steakhouses~steakhouses
Tbilisi~Tbilissi
polyvinyl~polyvinyl
expressionism's~expressionism's
compulsiveness's~compulsion de
scrapyard's~ferrailleur de
bullied~victime d'intimidation
wharf's~quai
clxi~CLXI
Urdu's~Années ourdou
interj~interj
manque~manque
progressives~progressistes
unimplemented~inappliquées
sexpot's~de sexpot
zeolites~zéolites
counterman~counterman
Scandinavia's~Scandinavie de
grapnel's~grapnel's
Mattie's~Mattie de
reenlisted~reenlisted
milkiness~laiteuse
upright's~de debout
hardtops~hardtops
internalising~internaliser
B~B
blockader~blockader
fleece~fleece
penumbrae~pénombres
anaesthesiologist's~de anesthésiologiste
Mohawk's~années Mohawk
hostility's~hostilité de
Uganda's~Ouganda de
newborns~les nouveau-nés
sclerosis~sclérose
sperm~sperme
cowpunchers~cowpunchers
congresspeople~membres du Congrès
Tulane's~Tulane de
Rupert's~Rupert
giros~giros
spool's~bobine de
redevelopments~redéveloppements
casually~mine de rien
pugilist's~de pugilist
instantly~immédiatement
novelettes~novelettes
felted~felted
discounter~discounter
physicking~médicamentation
planet~planète
Callao's~Callao de
retraction~rétraction
wrongdoing~méfait
reentry~rentrée
preppy's~BCBG de
Kristin~Kristin
slipper's~chaussons
retrofitted~modernisés
decimetre~decimetre
dissolution's~dissolution's
pried~fouillait
quibbles~arguties
Sanders's~Sanders de
interrelate~interrelation
flounces~flounces
Cain's~Caïn
packing's~de l'emballage
string~chaîne
Whig's~whig de
pirouettes~pirouettes
irrigate~irriguer
harshness's~dureté de
vamped~Vamped
schedule~programme
oppressiveness~oppressif
Kremlin~kremlin
sprang~Sprang
Runnymede~Runnymede
bishoprics~évêchés
Vassar's~Vassar de
fostering~fostering
fete's~fete's
orangeades~orangeades
pigged~raclées
boneheaded~crétin
ventilation's~ventilation de
Photostat's~photostat de
cautiousness~Circonspection
stringiness's~de fibrosité
retiring~sortant
there~Là
subhuman~moins qu'humain
aerofoil's~aerofoil de
tallow's~suif de
recollected~souvenu
preface~préface
wiseacres~wiseacres
annuitants~rentiers
sized~taille
rust's~rouille de
retrained~une nouvelle formation
darkness~darkness
benedictine~bénédictin
ensues~ensues
limbering~limbering
tombola~tombola
wigged~Wigged
sacrum~sacrum
Inchon~Inchon
Gwendolyn~Gwendolyn
Hooke's~Hooke
bud's~bourgeon de
returnables~retournables
Australoid's~australoïde de
pauperise~pauperise
malnutrition~malnutrition
lithosphere's~lithosphère de
tabulator~tabulatrice
beefier~beefier
vibraharps~vibraharps
tempestuousness~tempestuousness
caducei~caducées
Byzantine~byzantin
pastrami's~pastrami de
expectorating~expectorating
wavier~wavier
boomerang~boomerang
onward~en avant
bulletproofed~bulletproofed
mistiness's~mistiness de
wavered~vacillé
cartoons~les dessins animés
gliders~gliders
relationship~relation
foghorn's~foghorn's
stoats~hermines
preservatives~conservateurs
Kwakiutl's~Kwakiutl de
resolving~résoudre
sloth's~Années lippu
kippering~kippering
extenuation~extenuation
Monsignor's~Monseigneur de
intensify~intensifier
Louisianian's~Louisianais de
leis~leis
flatfoots~flatfoots
attractants~attractants
legal's~lÉGAl
turfy~gazonné
noncombatant~non-combattant
swerves~embardées
bayberry~bayberry
dangler~dangler
dependable~dependable
L's~L's
approximate~approximatif
infatuates~infatuates
unkindliest~unkindliest
colons~côlons
excavation~excavation
eulogises~eulogises
clattering~claquements
clout's~poids de
headmistresses~directrices
Man~Homme
cheapening~avilissement
volleyball~volley-ball
frequenter~frequenter
agency's~agence de
amphitheatre~amphithéâtre
guitar~guitar
drudges~drudges
waggeries~polissonneries
washerwoman's~de blanchisseuse
pole's~perche
implicated~mis en cause
Wordsworth~Wordsworth
chipper's~déchiqueteuse de
mot's~de contrôle technique
elocution~elocution
Falkland's~malouines de
Mohacs's~Années Mohacs
seaweed's~années algues
misfit~inadapté
megalomania~la folie des grandeurs
Moll's~Moll
cleanups~opérations de nettoyage
resents~ressent
overhaul~révision
homelessness~sans-abri
Sand's~de sable
clamps~pinces
quilt~courtepointe
schmoozing~schmoozing
individualising~individualiser
homesteader's~de homesteader
count's~count's
ulcerations~ulcérations
presuming~présumant
Hatteras's~de Hatteras
chirp~gazouiller
barring~sauf
Franglais's~Années franglais
Du~du
downpour~downpour
impatience~impatience
titivates~titivates
yanked~yanked
outfalls~exutoires
sweats~sueurs
masticates~mastique
soup~soupe
embitter~embitter
syphilitic's~de syphilitiques
lathering~savonnage
policed~policée
Iliad~Iliad
armistice~armistice
procedures~procédures
brazens~brazens
beliefs~croyances
computing's~de l'informatique
randier~Randier
raptly~raptly
AFB~AFB
demonstrators~demonstrators
enrichment~enrichment
desperation's~desperation's
TESL~TESL
addiction~dépendance
tuner~tuner
needed~nécessaire
Moor~Lande
razzed~razzed
subverting~subvertir
dabbling~dabbling
corrugated~corrugated
crossing~crossing
thighbone~fémur
editorialised~editorialised
heterosexuals~hétérosexuelles
Shepard~Shepard
scare~effrayer
dunner~dunner
Beltane's~Beltane de
operators~les opérateurs
disturbs~disturbs
renegade's~de renégat
catfish~Poisson-chat
childhood~enfance
dishonouring~dishonouring
pituitary~pituitaire
peach~pêche
tinsmith's~de ferblantier
responds~répond
quickness's~la rapidité de
Burgoyne's~Burgoyne de
clitoris's~clitoris de
Corsican~corse
orates~orates
wait~attendez
corduroys~corduroys
sheepfolds~bergeries
earliness's~earliness's
stickpins~épinglettes
cashiers~Caissiers
quirkiness~quirkiness
sharply~nettement
hula~hula
stipendiaries~stipendiés
Buddhist~bouddhiste
compering~compering
rewarmed~réchauffés
weeding~désherbage
usurpers~usurpateurs
Bradly's~Bradly de
toxicities~toxicités
Galaxy~Galaxie
sexton~sacristain
Murasaki~Murasaki
huaraches~huaraches
Peale's~Peale
premier~premier
sprayer's~années pulvérisateur
regaining~reprendre
ekes~ekes
Baptists~baptistes
raceway~chemin de roulement
Dushanbe~Douchanbé
circlet~cercle
draftee's~draftee's
subtropic~subtropicale
patrolwoman's~Années Patrolwoman
volitional~volitif
Sara~Sara
rind's~croûte de
reformation~réformation
ruminates~rumine
supermen~surhommes
wolfing~wolfing
seafront~front de mer
Laredo~Laredo
Naphtali~Naphtali
stealthiest~plus sournoise
soaring~envol
Irene's~Irène
listening~écoute
irreproachable~irréprochable
Richter's~Richter
avidity~avidité
indeterminate~indéterminé
novelette~nouvelle
resews~resews
relevant~pertinent
Glover~Gantier
crampons~crampons
journey's~voyage de
umbrage's~de l'ombrage
peculiarity's~particularité de
toolbar~barre d'outils
Yemeni~Yémen
fixate~fixate
ethology~ethology
correcting~correcting
solicitations~sollicitations
basso~basso
wake~réveiller
cholesterol's~du cholestérol
partner~partenaire
delousing~delousing
uncial~onciale
motet~motet
Cantabrigian's~Années Cantabrigian
shading~ombres
algorithms~algorithmes
Tudor's~Tudor de
argot's~années argot
throughput's~débit de
gorgon's~gorgon's
griffin's~griffin's
fellatio~fellatio
intentness's~fixité de
collusive~collusoires
oblong's~oblongue de
Mouton~Mouton
debase~debase
handcarts~handcarts
ramblings~divagations
troubles~troubles
referred~visé
Fitzgerald~Fitzgerald
gossips~gossips
Bulfinch's~Bulfinch de
bhaji~bhaji
wallies~wallies
quadriceps~quadriceps
interactivity~interactivité
caricaturist~caricaturiste
moneys~argent
frigates~frigates
dybbuks~dybbuks
corr~corr
busting~busting
periscope~périscope
tantalise~tantalise
potheads~potheads
importunes~importune
meeting~réunion
troubleshooting~dépannage
headbutted~coup de tête
permissiveness~permissivité
Frostbelt's~Frost Belt de
supplication's~supplication de
leaseholder~locataire
relish~goût
butchery's~boucheries de
cashmere's~cachemire de
polestar~l'Etoile polaire
nullifying~dirimant
guldens~guldens
sassing~sassing
prattle~babil
mealybug~cochenille
sideswiped~pris en écharpe
signora's~signora de
panderer's~de panderer
murrain's~murrain de
Duran's~Duran
vine~vigne
auto~auto
delimited~delimited
curb's~curb's
surplices~surplis
homesteaders~homesteaders
ponderer~pondérer
bottle's~bouteilles
milliner~modiste
concertinaed~accordéon
surged~fait un bond
Mejia~Mejia
Transylvanian's~transylvanian de
heftier~heftier
sensationalise~sensationnaliser
frostiest~frostiest
authority~autorité
privations~privations
balladry~balladry
come's~vient
checklist~liste de contrôle
natural's~naturel de
priggishness~priggishness
resemblances~ressemblances
filler's~filler's
Paraclete's~Paraclet de
wheeziness~wheeziness
marketability~négociabilité
metacarpus's~Années métacarpe
revivify~revivifier
infinitesimals~infinitésimales
clew~indice
menfolk~menfolk
gay~gay
girt~girt
sunburst~Sunburst
provincials~Provinciaux
overhangs~surplombs
scabrous~scabreux
locos~locos
videotaped~enregistrement vidéo
cardigan's~Cardigan
hallucinatory~hallucinatory
lowlifes~lowlifes
penicillin~pénicilline
cajolery's~de cajolerie
protection~protection
defend~defend
Cambodians~Cambodgiens
armadillo's~Années tatou
Bessel's~Bessel
aromatically~aromatiquement
hawkishness~hawkishness
souvenirs~des souvenirs
dudgeon~dudgeon
Garland~Guirlande
pancreatitis~pancréatite
vulcanising~vulcanisant
sneak's~sournoise de
thickens~épaissit
finality's~finality's
Yaobang~Yaobang
dodger~dodger
oligopoly's~de oligopole
bidders~soumissionnaires
tilled~labouré
Erich~Erich
perverse~pervers
dedications~dedications
tracks~des pistes
fumble's~fumble's
carafes~carafes
antiknock~antidétonant
mackerels~maquereaux
Shapiro~Shapiro
juxtapositions~juxtapositions
bulldogging~bulldogging
prophetesses~prophétesses
ghoulishness~ghoulishness
geologies~geologies
balances~soldes
footsies~footsies
burner~brûleur
Colette~Colette
itchy~qui démange
rug's~tapis de
inventiveness~ingéniosité
prating~babil
headlamps~phares
remedially~redressements
drip~drip
katakana~katakana
Normand's~Normand de
Leblanc's~Leblanc
mead's~hydromel de
unctuousness~onctuosité
currycombs~currycombs
waterborne~flottant
lieu~lieu
souses~souses
Hammett's~Hammett
banqueters~banqueteurs
accent's~accents
mechanised~mécanisée
ignorantly~ignorante
Bobbi~Bobbi
appropriator's~appropriateur de
weakener~weakener
Mathias~Mathias
sleeplessness's~de insomnies
harbormaster~harbormaster
granulate~granulate
memorability's~mémorabilité de
UHF's~UHF de
Atkinson's~Atkinson
PE~PE
cognac's~cognac de
betook~rendîmes
Kathleen~Kathleen
obbligatos~obbligatos
externalisations~externalisations
ungainlier~ungainlier
smuggling's~la contrebande de
grumbles~grumbles
conniption~conniption
digs~digs
betrayers~betrayers
haversacks~musettes
obscurest~obscur
malignity~malignité
chairman~président
respelled~respelled
levelheaded~levelheaded
whiffed~whiffed
hatefulness's~haïssable de
chocking~calage
stereo~stéréo
Panasonic~Panasonic
choc~Choc
teenage~adolescent
smoulders~couve
filthier~filthier
psychoneurosis~psychoneurosis
legionaries~légionnaires
neighbourly~de bon voisinage
fobs~fobs
McCartney's~McCartney
stilted~guindé
superiority~supériorité
chronographs~chronographes
vogues~vogues
provosts~prévôts
extravagant~extravagant
Oscars~Oscars
calender's~calendrier de
nephritic~néphrétique
whisker's~moustaches
parish~paroisse
rally~se rallier
soundness's~la solidité de
monsieur's~monsieur de
tripodal~tripode
boatman~passeur
tipsy~pompette
troubleshooting's~de dépannage
Whirlpool's~Whirlpool de
Ladoga~Ladoga
electioneers~electioneers
remediation~assainissement
neuritic~séniles
unchastest~unchastest
loosens~desserre
date's~date's
lute's~luth de
stingray's~Stingray de
instigator's~instigatrice de
matchbooks~matchbooks
intellectualise~intellectualiser
solidity~solidité
Quezon~Quezon
magnetisation~magnétisation
joshing~joshing
frequented~frequented
ale~ale
Uruguay~Uruguay
cloud's~des nuages
obtruded~obtruded
subliminal~subliminal
riddle~énigme
Dayton's~Dayton de
peanut's~cacahuètes
downmarket~downmarket
marketplaces~marchés
addicts~toxicomanes
felt's~felt's
recess~récréation
cytoplasm~cytoplasm
Jacquard~Jacquard
driller~driller
microbiology's~de microbiologie
pencils~des crayons
defroster~defroster
consanguinity~consanguinité
Muslim's~Les musulmans
adversity~adversité
courting~courting
viewership~viewership
secs~secs
sentimentalism's~sensiblerie de
Bryant's~Bryant
nannies~nounous
everlasting's~everlasting's
zen~Zen
gorily~gorily
dunged~dunged
apiece~un morceau
cocos~cocos
metre's~mètre de
Bancroft's~Bancroft de
Ohio~Ohio
suck's~sucer de
zebras~zèbres
flouters~flouters
foray~foray
squatter's~squatters de
Josephus's~Josephus de
xcvii~xcvii
locution~locution
decease's~decease's
unruly~indiscipliné
twine~ficelle
columnist~journaliste
Treblinka's~Treblinka de
spools~bobines
strength~force
idioms~expressions idiomatiques
peg~cheville
absentee~absent
boilermaker~chaudronnier
simper's~minauderie
chesterfield~chesterfield
swan's~cygne de
faultily~faultily
docent's~docent's
outlay~dépenses
relaxation~relaxation
tramper~Tramper
nonviable~inviable
Bishop's~Bishop
Lafayette's~Lafayette de
interconnect~interconnexion
Colombian's~de la Colombie
syncs~synchronisations
exemplars~exemplars
Sisyphus~Sisyphe
gingivitis's~gingivitis's
priciest~plus chères
tarmacs~tarmacs
sweetest~doux
parkway's~de route express
cinematographic~cinématographique
sugar's~Sugar
fractiously~fractiously
ratcheting~ratcheting
Peking's~Pékin de
ambling~amble
profoundest~profonde
tastelessly~vulgairement
success's~Le succès de
shellfish~fruits de mer
outlaws~hors la loi
Permian's~Années Permien
manageability~de gestion
rattlesnakes~serpents à sonnette
Nona~Nona
Houyhnhnm~Houyhnhnm
stalk~tige
shaman's~chaman de
smuttiness's~smuttiness de
Iroquoians~Iroquoiens
licks~licks
spiky~hérissé de pointes
infanticide~infanticide
Toby's~Toby
tensions~des tensions
random~au hasard
offstage~dans les coulisses
transceivers~émetteurs-récepteurs
poignancy~caractère poignant
demonetises~demonetises
defecation's~defecation's
processions~processions
endmost~endmost
exactitude's~exactitude's
left~la gauche
hint~allusion
profaning~profanation
connector's~connecteur de
pang~serrement
resumption's~la reprise de
overshoot~dépasser
grey~grey
transubstantiation's~de transsubstantiation
lawlessness~anarchie
Atonement~Expiation
acclaim~acclamer
clergy~le clergé
obeisant~obeisant
snowboarding~snowboard
embarkation~embarkation
envy's~envy's
metamorphosis's~la métamorphose de
rattle~hochet
Sephardi~séfarade
Massey's~Massey de
confessor~confesseur
Percy's~Percy
giblet's~giblet's
nutritive~nutritif
oppression's~l'oppression des
epidemiological~epidemiological
carsick~malade en voiture
sacristy's~sacristie de
dislocate~dislocate
verandas~vérandas
Bryant~Bryant
Transcaucasia's~Transcaucasie de
sermon~sermon
drudgery~drudgery
methodologies~méthodologies
ricer~ricer
helpfulness's~serviabilité de
imitate~imiter
bled~saigné
undomesticated~domestiqués
ohmmeters~ohmmètres
recompense~récompense
sexed~sexué
corpulence's~corpulence's
sachets~sachets
backache's~maux de dos de
steamier~steamier
polymorphous~polymorphe
conditionals~conditionals
showily~prétentieusement
informativeness's~de informativité
Karla's~Karla de
salmon~Saumon
Paralympics~Jeux paralympiques
goo's~goo's
pewit~vanneau
scolds~gronde
Cray's~Cray de
Atkins's~Atkins de
vertebrae~vertèbres
irrational~irrationnel
skater~patineur
shinbone's~de shinbone
Atari~Atari
rants~rants
Italy~Italie
salary's~son salaire
cnidarian's~cnidaires de
coping's~coping's
useless~inutile
performance's~les performances
cornflakes's~cornflakes's
birdbrain~écervelé
Chasity's~Chasity de
eradicator's~eradicator's
fades~fades
nick~entaille
compositions~compositions
Rabat's~Rabat de
fatalities~fatalities
zeal's~zèle de
miracle~miracle
thunderstorm's~des orages
frowning~frowning
relax~se détendre
allowable~admissible
scrags~scrags
housemen~housemen
quarts~pintes
longitudinal~longitudinal
deceptions~deceptions
shirting's~shirting de
decaf~decaf
misinterprets~interprète mal
resister~resister
fouler~fouler
hardboard's~hardboard's
modernisation's~la modernisation de
ornamentation's~ornementation de
indefatigable~infatigable
goofball's~goofball's
basques~guêpières
physiography~physiographie
aquanauts~aquanauts
reformers~réformateurs
henpecked~henpecked
madwomen~folles
Batu's~Années Batu
surmised~conjecturé
sunken~creux
perpendicular's~perpendiculaire de
likelihoods~vraisemblances
minuter~minuter
incline~inclinaison
sabras~sabras
eclipsed~eclipsed
null~nul
serrations~dentelures
urged~pressé
Saturday's~Les samedis
sightless~aveugle
icebox~frigo
Millie~Millie
liner~doublure
Champlain's~Champlain
clinic~clinique
diaphragm's~diaphragm's
sinkhole's~doline de
Belleek~belleek
Percival~Percival
apothegms~apophtegmes
gobble's~gobble's
forbearance's~forbearance's
agendas~l'ordre du jour
electroshock~electroshock
Mildred~Mildred
absconder's~de fugueur
elation~elation
umbilicus's~Années ombilic
bankrupted~banqueroute
Restoration~Restauration
baccarat~baccarat
vice~vice
telegraphists~télégraphistes
nightingales~rossignols
gravelling~gravelling
loftiest~plus noble
knack's~tour de main de
Advil's~Advil de
snowiness~snowiness
receded~estompée
est~est
kowtowing~courbettes
asymmetry's~asymétrie de
glimpse's~glimpse's
Avernus~Averne
changed~modifié
prig's~filou de
Gallup~Gallup
cake's~Gâteaux
forges~forges
motel's~motel de
Landon's~Landon
Hudson~Hudson
noticeably~visiblement
colonised~colonisé
promethium's~prométhium de
flirtation~flirtation
rood~crucifix
democratically~democratically
detachment~detachment
Mediterraneans~mediterraneans
burnishing~brunissage
Rusty's~Rusty
fantasias~fantasias
Hess~Hess
stabbing~élancement
biblical~biblique
silkscreen~Sérigraphies
windrows~andains
defiantly~defiantly
brood~nichée
libeller's~libeller de
Dominguez~Dominguez
bobsled's~de bobsleigh
searchingly~searchingly
grill's~grill's
poly~poly
transient's~transitoire de
bouts~des épisodes
humbling~humiliation
praying~prier
tithed~tithed
managements~managements
Bowditch~Bowditch
Tripoli~Tripoli
busbies~bonnets à poil
nonburnable~nonburnable
notifies~notifie
sociability's~de sociabilités
infiltrator's~les Infiltrés
commons~Chambre des communes
condone~fermer les yeux sur
phlox's~phlox de
thereabout~environ
viewings~visionnements
easterners~easterners
suspension~suspension
pawning~mise en gage
preposterously~absurdement
undercharged~DÉCHARGÉE
Livingstone's~Livingstone
Ignacio~Ignacio
hummed~fredonné
furious~furious
Waterbury~Waterbury
suburb's~banlieue
osier~osier
computerises~informatise
Fuller~foulon
ashram~ashram
yielding~élastique
nonscoring~nonscoring
outmanoeuvred~manœuvré
whipsaws~whipsaws
irreducibly~irréductiblement
overtax~surmener
Hepplewhite's~Hepplewhite de
spout's~années bec
bulldozing~destruction au bulldozer
shit~merde
Marianne's~Marianne
peseta~peseta
cram~cram
markdowns~démarques
touted~vantée
threefold~triple
unveils~dévoile sa
necessity's~nécessité de
typhoons~typhons
airbase's~base aérienne des années
romanticise~romancer
holler's~Holler de
hoking~hoking
broach~broche
lucidity~lucidité
chimeras~chimères
receives~reçoit
somnolence's~de somnolence
gripe's~gripe's
falseness's~falseness's
chattily~chattily
bated~retenant son
microscopy~microscopie
golfing~golfing
boluses~bolus
chicane's~de chicane
infestation's~infestation de
follower's~follower's
mathematicians~mathématiciens
glyph~glyph
furze's~furze's
Pict~Pict
hibiscus~hibiscus
indoctrination's~de l'endoctrinement
ungratefully~ingratement
separatism's~de séparatisme
handrails~handrails
lugged~coltinés
barnacle~bernacle
Fisher's~Fisher
duller~duller
Catawba's~Catawba de
cumulative~cumulative
stomached~stomached
cred~cred
renting~location
acridity's~âcreté de
presentments~presentments
ts~ts
cohabits~cohabite
Serena's~Serena
showed~montré
Jaclyn's~Jaclyn de
schlep's~de schlep
Angelia~Angelia
Schlitz~Schlitz
holdover's~les durées d'efficacité de
minimalist~minimaliste
bucksaws~bucksaws
sentimental~sentimental
overstrung~surexcité
phase's~la phase de
furthering~furthering
wrasse~wrasse
thresher~batteuse
reshuffle~remaniement
emulate~emulate
eminent~eminent
Donnell~Donnell
protections~protections
eradicator~eradicator
confessional~confessionnal
modulate~moduler
glassier~glassier
Josephine~Josephine
icebreaker~brise-glace
bellwethers~indicateurs de tendance
sliver's~ruban de
Shields~Boucliers
magnetite~magnétite
bully's~despote de
sheepishness's~penaud de
mollification's~de mollification
orrises~orrises
Nathans~Nathans
genitives~genitives
unfocused~non focalisée
heartens~heartens
concocts~mitonne
sealskin~peau de phoque
vulgarism's~de vulgarism
Joyce~Joyce
cadre's~CRARDE de
pigsties~porcheries
parent's~Parents
valves~vannes
salute~saluer
eaglet's~eaglet's
pitilessness's~de impitoyable
missile's~de missiles
ops~ops
impertinence's~de l'impertinence
adores~adores
YWCA~YWCA
Franz's~de Franz
Celia's~Celia de
Gibraltars~Gibraltars
syncopated~syncopé
Frodo~Frodon
mover~déménageur
can't~ne peut pas
minnesingers~Minnesingers
crypt's~crypt's
Granada~Grenade
VAT~T.V.A.
Jewell~Jewell
tetrameters~tétramètres
unbarred~unbarred
Frigidaire's~Frigidaire de
trenchancy's~trenchancy de
filtered~filtered
Walt's~Walt de
ruby's~Ruby
eldercare~eldercare
laboriousness's~pénibilité de
blow's~coup de
agreed~D'accord
woof's~Années woof
bicycles~vélos
heir's~héritier de
borscht~Bortsch
Caph's~Caph de
grinds~grinds
ape's~singe de
twofold~double
laboratory~laboratoire
volume~le volume
turntable~plaque tournante
culpable~culpable
jiffy's~tournemain de
quaffing~quaffing
sortie's~sortie de
malefactors~malfaiteurs
mascara's~années mascara
lobby's~hall de
queen's~reine
hap's~hap's
rowdy's~de chahuteurs
freezing's~freezing's
Cross's~Croix de
fitfulness's~fitfulness's
impact's~L'impact de
juntas~juntes
Zimbabwe~Zimbabwe
garnet~garnet
elliptic~elliptic
modelling's~la modélisation de
hydrate's~hydrate de
kindlier~plus aimable
Marty~Marty
advertorial~publireportage
crawly's~crawly's
Isis's~Isis de
cannonaded~canonné
overcooking~surcuisson
kola's~kola de
derby's~derby's
immobile~immobile
feint's~feint's
Saar's~Saar de
Ford's~Ford
conjecture's~la conjecture de
lurches~embardées
unfurled~déployait
hypocrite~hypocrite
router~routeur
Villa's~vILLAS
avows~avoue
cantankerous~acariâtre
semanticist~sémanticien
intercommunicating~intercommunication
Almighty~tout-puissant
animism~animisme
weer~weer
cornfield~cornfield
truffle's~années truffe
Arjuna~Arjuna
gutters~gutters
Benzedrine's~benzedrine de
toes~les orteils
wines~vins
berth~couchette
marmots~marmottes
eggbeater~eggbeater
recommitting~réengagement
Pernod~Pernod
demagogically~demagogically
nasality's~nasality de
Cochise's~Cochise de
steamfitters~tuyauteurs
vaqueros~vaqueros
scullery's~souillarde de
Tasman's~Tasman de
twirls~virevolte
decontrolling~decontrolling
retributive~de châtiment
pickaxing~pickaxing
dilator's~dilator's
pleasantness's~pleasantness de
defoliates~defoliates
cubing~cubing
copperplate~copperplate
ells~ells
headbutts~headbutts
Mizar~Mizar
administrators~administrateurs
exemption~exemption
cenotaphs~cénotaphes
bimetallism~bimétallisme
embarking~embarking
protruding~saillant
Procrustes's~Années Procrustes
prettiest~plus jolie
overfills~débordements
chillier~chillier
breakfronts~breakfronts
castles~châteaux
flawing~flawing
welfare~aide sociale
anywhere~nulle part
reallocation's~réaffectation de
Apatosaurus~apatosaurus
Olmsted~Olmsted
reimbursement's~le remboursement de
severances~morcellements
soar's~monter en flèche de
ninny's~godiche de
paleography~paléographie
shareholdings~participations
Pisa~Pise
Elisabeth's~Elisabeth de
magnates~magnats
fever's~fever's
consumable's~consumable's
alms~aumône
shoat's~shoat de
insensibly~insensiblement
jellybeans~jellybeans
closings~fermetures
valentine's~valentine
trend~tendance
geriatrics~geriatrics
automaker~constructeur automobile
preceptor~précepteur
denouement~denouement
Danae~Danae
stabilises~stabilisent
pullout~extraire
vertebra's~vertèbre de
pasteboard~carton
Usenet's~UseNet
cabriolet's~de cabriolets
cylinder's~cylinder's
truant's~de l'école buissonnière
immobilisation~immobilisation
assignation~attribution
Scylla's~Scylla de
falsifies~falsifies
Shavuot's~Chavouot de
denigration's~denigration's
brevetting~brevetting
encampment~encampment
mend's~mend de
waterbed~waterbed
insurer~assureur
joyrider~Joyrider
plated~plaqué
bedpans~les bassines
tragicomedy's~tragicomédie de
chasten~châtier
abashment~confusion
comprehensibility~compréhensibilité
Coppertone's~de Coppertone
length~longueur
strychnine's~de strychnine
ulnae~cubitus
irresoluteness's~irrésolution de
tastings~dégustations
toasts~toasts
ordinates~coordonnées
brandished~brandit
rubber's~de caoutchouc
martinet's~martinet de
accuses~accuse
lodestar's~LODESTAR de
cosmetology's~cosmetology's
kabbalah~cabale
prevarications~prévarications
misfire~ratés d'allumage
provocateur~provocateur
placards~pancartes
misfortune~malheur
zeolite~zéolite
Unitarianisms~Unitarianisms
Philly's~Philly
westerlies~westerlies
miking~miking
parers~parers
Slocum~Slocum
ferreting~ferreting
penetration's~la pénétration de
portaged~portagé
Emmanuel~Emmanuel
upgrade's~mise à niveau de
Billy~Gamelle
exotics~exotics
autobiographical~autobiographique
cheeking~cheeking
Ce~Ce
clincher~argument décisif
happen~happen
botanist's~botaniste de
strengthening~renforcement
imitations~imitations
freethinking~freethinking
frustrating~frustrating
retentiveness's~de retentivité
helplessness's~impuissance de
Cupid~Cupidon
Carpenter~Charpentier
vaccines~vaccins
unidirectional~unidirectionnel
cursors~cursors
Altoids~Altoids
eulogists~eulogists
enticement~enticement
insect's~insectes
sodding~engazonnement
witchery's~ensorcellement de
caromed~caromed
utilitarianism's~de l'utilitarisme
authorising~autorisation
stimulates~stimule
cashiered~cashiered
telegraph~télégraphe
pinging~pinger
y~y
Sheppard's~Sheppard
immateriality~immatérialité
offertory's~de offertoire
deprivations~deprivations
muffins~muffins
Minnesota~Minnesota
ham~ham
snifter~snifter
aided~assistée
swelter's~de swelter
extermination's~extermination's
girlishly~girlishly
snout~museau
testifies~témoigne
rewarming~réchauffement
Crimean~de Crimée
Roche's~Roche de
Boston's~Boston de
Sm's~SMS
Lansing~Lansing
horsehide's~de peau de cheval
overhung~surplombé
carbines~mousquetons
wreathed~couronné
dairying~dairying
adopting~l'adoption
gorse's~gorse's
Jennie~Jennie
shush~Chut
disinformation's~disinformation's
bus's~bus de
water's~des eaux
misfits~Misfits
gallantry's~gallantry's
paregoric~paregoric
therms~thermies
prorogation's~de la prorogation
fraterniser~fraterniser
thwack~claquement
lattes~lattes
pinioned~garrotté
xeroxed~photocopié
defalcations~defalcations
Phrygia~Phrygie
brothel~maison de prostitution
bloop~bloop
shipload's~de shipload
rethought~repensées
blackball's~Années Blackball
merger's~fusion de
Regulus's~Regulus de
abusive~injurieux
abolishes~abolit
barbarities~barbaries
absorptive~absorptif
tailgater~tailgater
wading~barbotage
thinker~penseur
secretaryship's~secrétairerie de
upholstered~tapissé
absorbing~absorbant
popups~popups
aftercare~postcure
embarrassment~embarrassment
unshackles~unshackles
cheeped~cheeped
crating~crating
rated~rated
loco~locomotive
Defoe~Defoe
slippages~dérapages
has~a
levee's~de levee
nonpayment~non-paiement
findings's~findings's
breathlessness's~de essoufflements
arrant~fieffé
Connery's~Connery de
die's~die's
physicists~physiciens
prioritising~établissement des priorités
unlikelier~unlikelier
pairs~paires
battlefield~champ de bataille
walkaways~fuites en douce
O'Hara~O'Hara
cant's~dévers de
greathearted~greathearted
Capuchin~capucin
cordillera~cordillera
inconstancy's~de l'inconstance
inextricable~inextricable
implicate~impliquer
freebase's~freebase's
ploy's~ploy de
worth~vaut
motorists~automobilistes
flue~flue
taxonomic~taxonomique
wagon's~wagon de
caches~caches
NHL's~LNH pour les
concluding~final
carp~carpe
curter~curter
berg~berg
blatancies~blatancies
stoops~Stoops
surfeited~rassasiée
dispraised~dispraised
marbles~marbres
tomorrows~demains
Sumeria's~Sumer de
Sakhalin~Sakhaline
parallax~parallaxe
Gore~Sang
semiprofessional~semiprofessional
calisthenics's~Années gymnastique suédoise
luxuriant~luxuriant
hammerhead~hammerhead
extemporisation's~extemporisation's
megabucks~megabucks
critical~critical
frond~frond
nonoccurence~nonoccurence
Ngaliema~Ngaliema
forensically~forensically
tourniquet~tourniquet
presences~présences
umpteen~umpteen
loaders~chargeurs
welcome's~bienvenue de
hue's~teinte de
scroungier~scroungier
strategist~stratège
nonsuccessive~nonsuccessive
allergic~allergique
Mimi's~Mimi
stabbers~stabbers
grandnephew's~grandnephew's
hatbox~boîte à chapeaux
Olmsted's~Olmsted de
Dewar~Dewar
orator~orateur
trudge~marche pénible
Japaneses~japaneses
Jul~Juil
murders~meurtres
secondaries~secondaries
deceits~deceits
inspirited~inspirited
doughy~doughy
windsurfers~véliplanchistes
signatures~signatures
hobblers~Hobblers
Lu~Lu
projecting~en saillie
ringgits~ringgits
sheathing~revêtement
Spengler's~Spengler
professions~les professions
trailblazing~trailblazing
bucks~dollars
repercussions~répercussions
Fujitsu~Fujitsu
pleasurable~très agréable
evaded~evaded
mongolism~mongolisme
typography's~typographie de
Bowie~Bowie
Eloy's~Eloy de
exhuming~exhuming
electrocution~electrocution
playgirl~Playgirl
stride~foulée
Lycurgus~Lycurgue
lampposts~réverbères
infuriates~exaspère
purlieus~abords
elevenths~elevenths
unearthing~déterrement
cab's~cabine de
cabins~cabines
pistil's~pistil de
Bradshaw's~Bradshaw
loner~solitaire
dapperest~dapperest
buoyed~soutenue
noisome~répugnant
quest~quête
uncloaks~Dévoile
landsliding~landsliding
policyholders~assurés
outscore~outscore
fistfuls~fistfuls
amaryllis~amaryllis
Ticketmaster~Ticketmaster
Tami's~Tami de
resort's~station de
deciding~deciding
starchiness's~de féculent
medley's~quatre nages
bough~branche
borzois~barzoïs
weeds~mauvaises herbes
propagators~propagateurs
sands~plage de sable
compulsiveness~compulsion
freshen~freshen
cleaning~nettoyage
recross~retraverser
Dumbo's~Dumbo de
blivet~Blivet
Messerschmidt~Messerschmidt
Zappa~Zappa
Baptiste's~BAPTISTE
yearly's~de chaque année
firsts~firsts
busses~bus
energiser's~energiser's
percolates~percole
crape's~crape's
fortuitousness~fortuitousness
cock's~coq de
outgunning~outgunning
Agassiz's~Agassiz de
photocopiers~photocopieuses
steaks~steaks
Naugahyde~Naugahyde
Paris~Paris
comet's~comète de
byroad~par la route
unilateral~unilatéral
recessional's~recessional de
unscrew~dévisser
accredited~accrédité
litigators~plaideurs
luckier~plus de chance
Everette's~Everette de
Freudian's~freudienne de
oscillatory~oscillatoire
Brandon~Brandon
nurturer's~de nourricier
unlined~sans doublure
quickened~vivifié
grope~grope
width's~Vêtements largeur
skewing~biaiser
landslide's~glissement de terrain de
sparsely~peu
predeterminers~prédéterminants
premolars~prémolaires
prizefighting~boxe professionnelle
multiverse's~multivers de
befogging~befogging
derisively~derisively
sequin's~de sequins
coastline's~côte de
ejections~ejections
Esau~Esaü
isometrics's~Années isométriques
tillers~talles
deliquescing~deliquescing
gesticulating~gesticulating
Mandela's~Mandela
aqualungs~scaphandres
segregationists~ségrégationnistes
deadpan~deadpan
bastardised~abâtardi
Ru's~Ru de
bicyclers~bicyclers
sneaking~faufilant
Zwingli's~Zwingli
bloodstream~sang
scatters~scatter
fondle~fondle
Fenian's~fenian de
liberally~généreusement
Chevalier's~Chevalier de
carillons~carillons
mouldier~mouldier
prizefighter's~de Prizefighter
baronets~baronnets
leguminous~légumineux
bounders~bounders
statuette~statuette
Bergson~Bergson
disarmament~disarmament
Janette~Janette
Bechtel's~Bechtel de
surrenders~redditions
Croce~Croce
undemocratic~antidémocratique
Scotchmen~Scotchmen
jabbing~piqûre
bastards~bâtards
bearskins~bonnets à poils
elation's~elation's
Paramount~Primordial
Monteverdi's~Monteverdi
frights~frights
democratisation~democratisation
Cannon's~Cannon
transmutation~transmutation
Manning's~Manning
ironstone~ferrugineuse
blah~blabla
unabridged~intégral
doggiest~doggiest
orb's~orbe
nineteenth's~dix-neuvième de
rifts~déchirements
blackest~blackest
Arrhenius's~Arrhenius de
HHS~HHS
hometown~ville natale
insensible~insensible
readjusting~réajustant
bedsits~bedsits
Royal's~royal de
fauvist~fauvist
betcha~betcha
dart's~dart's
intermarry~se marier entre eux
epistemic~epistemic
wither~flétrir
brimless~brimless
porridge~bouillie
spacesuits~scaphandres
agitated~agité
leading~de premier plan
stream~courant
Othello's~Othello de
Christchurch~Christchurch
Timour's~Timour de
luminescent~luminescent
yipe~Yipe
masochistic~masochiste
nosy~curieux
adulator~adulateur
sorrows~douleurs
clearinghouse's~centre d'information de
nonabsorbent~non absorbant
architect~architecte
Arabian's~de Arabian
paraders~Paraders
tangent's~tangente de
logistical~logistique
parodying~parodiant
Io's~Io de
hypothesising~la formulation d'hypothèses
spiced~épicé
synod~synode
skewbalds~skewbalds
undercutting~sous-cotation
codger's~codger de
trapshooting~ball-trap
pantywaists~pantywaists
multiplicand~multiplicande
horselaughs~horselaughs
pedometer's~de pédomètre
kitschy~kitsch
yell~hurler
empty~empty
smashups~smashups
reports~rapports
Alma~Alma
orderly's~ordonnée de
enciphers~enciphers
francophone~francophone
Istanbul~Istanbul
Munoz's~Munoz de
atherosclerosis~athérosclérose
daffodil's~daffodil's
denomination~denomination
collaborative~collaboration
modelled~modélisé
infancy's~son enfance
Karroo's~karroo de
Mandelbrot's~Mandelbrot de
renown~renommée
poser's~poseur de
Marcelo's~Marcelo de
straitjacket~camisole de force
brooklet's~ruisselet de
crooking~crooking
Randall~Randall
sitarist's~de sitarist
slugged~slugged
immunology's~immunologie
yogi~yogi
squirting~Jouir
temporisers~temporisers
brimstone~soufre
creamer~creamer
Limoges~Limoges
palimpsest's~palimpseste de
relegates~rélégués
ellipse~ellipse
shoppe~Shoppe
fuzzed~fuzzed
married~marié
cuss's~cuss's
inspirations~inspirations
baler~presse à balles
induce~induire
expediently~expediently
cabinetwork~ébénisteries
muffin~muffin
strangling~strangulation
disdaining~disdaining
jurymen~jurés
Brewer's~Brewer
Lonnie~Lonnie
bulkiest~plus volumineux
dragnet's~dragnet's
sewn~cousu
pushy~arrogant
policeman~policier
biffs~Biffs
grenade's~grenade's
layout's~mise en page de
imaginably~imaginably
praters~praters
outbidding~surenchères
outsource~externaliser
sweltered~sweltered
lieder~Lieder
fluidly~fluidly
Sakai's~Sakai de
reviewer~critique
Hobbs's~Hobbs de
Cinerama~Cinerama
laundered~blanchies
affection~affection
Tu~Tu
brewpubs~brewpubs
settle's~régler de
Rouault's~rouault de
rebroadcasting~réémission
forwarders~forwarders
rampancy~rampancy
divination's~divination's
tacker's~tacker de
perspex~plexiglas
nutcracker's~Casse-Noisette de
valuated~valorisés
batterer's~de batterer
tentatively~provisoirement
Jataka's~jâtaka de
tassels~glands
acidic~acide
lints~Lints
bawd's~Années entremetteuse
bit~bit
indicating~indiquant
shrewdest~plus sagace
desensitisation's~desensitisation's
psychodramas~psychodrames
issuer's~éMETTEUR
sententious~sentencieux
spawn's~Le frai de
barrier's~barrières
adsorption's~adsorption de
Winnipeg~Winnipeg
princedoms~principautés
Jerusalem's~JÉRUSALEM
obstructions~obstructions
Iowa's~l'Iowa
repacks~repacks
walk~marche
willing~prêt
farewells~farewells
sleights~prestidigitation
blusterous~fanfaron
mayoress~femme du maire
climatology~climatologie
cheerlessness~cheerlessness
epees~epees
questioningly~interrogatif
fathoms~fathoms
supercharger's~du compresseur de suralimentation
Beltane~Beltane
entirety~entirety
transcription~transcription
lemonades~limonades
omnibus's~années omnibus
radios~radios
assented~sanctionnée
moraliser's~moralisateur de
Adventist~adventiste
configuring~configuration
wheedles~cajole
raters~noteurs
solely~uniquement
conventionalise~conventionalise
sellotaping~sellotaping
Susana~Susana
refactor~refactor
lanai~lanai
congestive~congestive
caduceus~caducée
missive's~missive de
February's~février de
gumdrop~gumdrop
trainer~entraîneur
Lauren~Lauren
tremulous~tremblant
convolution's~convolution's
Haifa's~Haïfa de
Ronnie~Ronnie
Britannica~Britannica
furthermost~furthermost
feet~feet
preppy~preppy
dance~dance
appreciator~appréciateur
palsies~paralysies
prattlers~prattlers
giants~giants
peanuts~cacahuètes
complaisant~complaisant
PFC~PFC
pomade~pommade
mimeograph's~ronéo de
recalls~rappels
ignore~ignorer
diametric~diametric
categorise~classer par catégories
Kaaba's~Kaaba de
instruct~instruire
scoliosis~scoliose
chilly~froid
reconsidered~reconsidéré
O's~O de
Scorpius~Scorpius
velar~vélaire
batters~Batters
inflect~infléchir
tangling~emmêlement
teletypes~téléscripteurs
equivocalness~equivocalness
bayoneted~coups de baïonnette
ligation~ligature
Daphne~Daphne
Sabbath's~Sabbat de
breakout's~en petits groupes de
counterspies~counterspies
pigmentation~pigmentation
elderberry~elderberry
muscatels~muscats
tinted~teinté
wazoo~Wazoo
mellower~mellower
victual~avitaillement
expendables~expendables
keen's~Keen
feelingly~feelingly
slapper~Tapette
Ernest~Ernest
Elsie~Elsie
Michel's~Michel de
shops~magasins
plummeted~dégringolé
chimneys~cheminées
grouchy~grouchy
sluggards~traînards
offering~offre
soak's~faire tremper de
Polynesians~polynesiens
mulberry~mûre
husband~mari
dilation's~dilation's
pres~pres
schoolhouses~écoles à classe
mugwump's~de mugwump
irrefutably~irréfutablement
headquarters~quartier général
Balinese's~balinaises de
Franciscan's~Années franciscains
protocol~protocole
overhand's~Années pronation
knighthood~chevalerie
Ataturk's~Atatürk de
anecdote's~anecdote de
Maldivian~maldivien
innards's~de de viscères
nameplate's~plaque de
blossom~fleur
breath~souffle
hotbed~foyer
flimsiness~flimsiness
dhoti~dhoti
Minuteman's~Minuteman de
sprinkle~saupoudrer
Irishwomen's~Années Irlandaises
cornucopia's~cornucopia's
motherhood~maternité
Emil~Emil
stampers~pilons
refinement~raffinement
gadding~gadding
misalliances~mésalliances
palpitate~palpiter
walked~marché
dietetics's~dietetics's
bosh's~bosh de
sweetly~gentiment
easements~easements
wrongness's~de wrongness
Kissinger's~Kissinger
handicap's~handicap's
banding~bandes
stubborn~têtu
fetchers~fetchers
cuticle's~cuticle's
overrunning~dépassement
harmlessness~harmlessness
Cassidy's~Cassidy
cigarillo's~cigarillo de
diffs~diffs
desserts~desserts
buckshot~chevrotine
haematologist~haematologist
plazas~plazas
devastation~devastation
textually~textuellement
Grenoble~Grenoble
plane's~Avions
conscientiousness's~de conscience
outlasting~Survivre à
newtons~newtons
debris~debris
coinsurance's~coassurance de
circumstancing~circumstancing
films~films
church's~de l'église
Zoroastrian's~de zoroastriens
wakening~wakening
webmistress~webmistress
Mozambican's~Mozambique de
Janacek's~Janácek
PC's~PC
litterbug~punaise
stretchmarks~stretchmarks
biological~biologique
utility's~de l'utilité
fogey's~fogey's
Fulani~fulani
flock~flock
Stimson~Stimson
crossbar~crossbar
assurance's~l'assurance de
jaywalk~marcher sur la chaussée
bobwhites~colins
burgling~cambriolant
detox~detox
eave~eave
Gerardo~Gerardo
irruptions~irruptions
oxygenating~oxygénante
questionable~discutable
baffles~chicanes
milestone's~étape de
caesium's~le césium de
incriminates~incriminent
carboniferous~carbonifère
janglers~Janglers
trunks~les troncs
author's~auteurs
Ankara~Ankara
burgomasters~bourgmestres
EU~UE
Pennington~Pennington
thumbnails~vignettes
watersides~watersides
opalescence~opalescence
wisteria~glycines
tarpaulin's~bâche de
beachhead~tête de pont
Dachau~Dachau
dreariness~dreariness
Korans~Corans
humbly~humblement
retreads~rechapés
ganglia~ganglia
twines~ficelles
puritanical~puritain
lunges~mouvements brusques
Anatolia's~années Anatolie
shoplifting~vol à l'étalage
clvi~clvi
aleatory~aléatoire
namesake's~homonyme
pylons~pylônes
Amoco~Amoco
drawback~drawback
narcolepsy~narcolepsie
ribber~ribber
puff~bouffée
razor~le rasoir
cardamoms~cardamome
impervious~imperméable
boots~bottes
widow~veuve
barnstormer~orateur électoral
vixen's~Années renarde
huntresses~chasseresses
mercerised~mercerisé
tweed~tweed
Carey's~Carey
nationalised~nationalisé
twat~chatte
blackout's~interdiction de
Mindoro~Mindoro
styptic~styptique
immures~mure
confider's~confidérer de
encyclopaedia's~encyclopaedia's
grimace's~grimace's
adopters~adoptants
Elbert's~Elbert de
incorporeal~incorporel
homage's~hommage de
levelled~nivelé
admin~admin
tercentennial's~tercentennial de
cosiness's~cosiness's
Abelson~Abelson
rhapsodising~rhapsodising
hyphen~trait d'union
junior's~junior de
pied~pie
expounders~expounders
minefield~champ de mines
Ouija~Oui-ja
kepi~képi
milt~laitance
horticulture's~de l'horticulture
escarole's~escarole's
backspace~backspace
resonated~résonné
goalmouth~goalmouth
God~Dieu
ambulancewoman~ambulancewoman
doorknockers~doorknockers
saying~en disant
matt~mat
debuted~debuted
wrested~arraché
granulated~granulated
superior's~le supérieur
mountebank~charlatan
tamperer~Tamperer
psychiatry~psychiatrie
er~er
Amarillo's~Amarillo de
zaniness's~loufoquerie de
energises~energises
selections~sélections
depolarising~depolarising
sago~sagou
hazes~vapes
miscalculation's~erreur de calcul de
hepatitis~hépatite
noticed~remarqué
latitudinarian~latitudinarian
workaround~solution de contournement
gamekeepers~gamekeepers
rhymer's~rimeur de
spiritualist~spiritualiste
initiates~initiés
Presbyterianisms~Presbyterianisms
affidavit's~affidavit de
teasels~chardons
ASPCA~ASPCA
haycock~Haycock
purine~purine
procures~procures
garroter~garroter
compacted~compactée
grandsons~grandsons
hoicking~hoicking
Magsaysay's~Magsaysay de
reconsign~reconsign
reassigning~réaffectant
panegyrics~panégyriques
settlements~règlements
gunky~gunky
Polynesia's~Années Polynésie
Pareto~pareto
dosser~dosser
additional~supplémentaire
battles~batailles
depicted~depicted
vied~rivalisé
reappointed~reconduit dans ses fonctions
painless~sans douleur
envelopment's~envelopment's
altered~modifié
unseated~Destitution
trapper's~trappeur
quarks~quarks
acerbity's~de acerbity
joblessness's~de chômage
repugnance~répugnance
O'Connell's~O'Connell
interloped~interloped
spoilt~gâté
spatula's~spatule de
Timmy~Timmy
Friday's~vendredi
polygamist's~polygame de
containerisation's~containerisation's
oblivious~inconscient
leatherneck~Leatherneck
travelled~voyagé
renounces~renonce
Sucrets~Sucrets
cowshed~cowshed
Apia's~apia de
Jacobean's~jacobin de
mandamuses~mandamuses
babysitters~gardiennes d'enfants
striae~striae
leftovers~les restes
Sistine~Sixtine
inwardly~intérieurement
beefsteak's~steak
accolade's~distinction de
turbofans~turbosoufflantes
scruples~scrupules
knuckled~poings
doubtingly~doubtingly
underestimated~sous-estimé
Thieu~Thieu
skyjacking~détournement d'avion
Hahn's~Hahn de
billionth~milliardième
dulls~dulls
reordered~réorganisés
footballer's~footballer's
gave~gave
luges~luges
orphan's~d'orphelin
boomerang's~boomerang de
ridicule~ridicule
blither~blither
m~m
shear's~cisailles
tramplers~piétineurs
autodidact~autocrate
region's~les régions
Lorentz~Lorentz
typecasts~typecasts
epidemic's~epidemic's
Holman's~Holman
apple's~pommes
herniation~herniation
meltdown~effondrement
palls~lasse
edibility's~edibility's
coagulate~coaguler
Haitian~haïtien
Lucile's~Lucile
hightailing~hightailing
draughtswoman's~draughtswoman's
shriek~cri
unlikelihood~improbabilité
deifies~deifies
gangplank~gangplank
uprears~uprears
nonreturnable's~de non consignés
waters~des eaux
deposited~deposited
scrimshawed~scrimshawed
hula's~hula de
juice's~de jus
canoe's~canot de
conductance~conductance
Malamud's~Malamud de
calyxes~calices
differentiation~differentiation
chronograph's~chronographe
Ride's~Manèges
weekly~hebdomadaire
cockpit~cabine de pilotage
apposed~apposed
clamour~clameur
ceased~cessé
heedlessness's~de étourderie
cicada's~cigale de
Windsor's~Windsor de
resembled~ressemblait
updraughts~ascendances
metric~métrique
Concetta's~Concetta de
pampering~choyer
stapling~agrafage
millions~des millions
gallop's~gallop's
concubine's~de concubine
groundbreakings~groundbreakings
Superfund~Superfund
dolmens~dolmens
specification's~Caractéristiques
polarisation's~La polarisation de
scaremongers~alarmistes
codependency's~de codépendance
defamers~defamers
sowing~semis
Tishri~Tishri
Stendhal~Stendhal
Basil's~Basile
hotfooting~hotfooting
folkway~folkway
Greene~Greene
Socrates~Socrate
awls~alènes
basting~badigeonner
zoos~zoos
utters~profère
serum's~de sérum
optimum~optimum
dumb~dumb
poliomyelitis~poliomyélite
butterball's~Années Butterball
refusal's~Le refus de
hazard's~dangers
bricklaying~briquetage
formalises~formalises
Tenn's~Tenn de
Holt's~Holt
limier~limier
village's~village de
slump's~chute de
blithest~blithest
angioplasties~angioplasties
anaesthetisations~anaesthetisations
incarcerated~incarcéré
Del's~del de
disinterred~disinterred
helicopter~hélicoptère
tabloid's~tabloïd de
bronco's~Bronco de
germicide's~germicide's
contexts~contexts
incline's~inclinaison de
Borden's~Borden
thirtieth~trentième
ambulanceman~ambulancier
Tunisia~Tunisie
target~cible
riskier~plus risqué
juddering~saccades
Odets's~Années Odets
multitudes~multitudes
Kali's~Kali de
indiscernible~indiscernable
vicariousness~vicariance
superficiality~caractère superficiel
valediction~adieu
totted~totted
Funafuti~Funafuti
annals~annales
Aurelio's~Aurelio de
defence's~defence's
manna's~manne de
Klansman~Klansman
tattoo's~tatouage de
causerie's~Causerie de
hearthstone's~hearthstone de
lull~accalmie
obstetrician~obstétricien
schlemiel's~de schlemiel
Janjaweed's~Janjaweed de
unyoked~détela
Moreno~Moreno
owed~due
interns~stagiaires
leafage~feuilletage
bunk's~couchette de
thud's~bruit sourd de
Noreen~Noreen
egocentricity~egocentricity
capes~capes
Southwests~Southwests
Salvatore's~Salvatore de
entrapping~entrapping
gold's~gold's
punched~coups de poing
transcriptions~transcriptions
bulldozers~bulldozers
issuing~émission
jennies~ânesses
quantification's~quantification de
dropping~dropping
lucidness~lucidité
standee~voyageur debout
agoraphobia's~agoraphobie de
Best's~Les meilleurs de
Wyoming's~du Wyoming
Keven~Keven
kiwis~Kiwis
Bundesbank~Bundesbank
mandrels~mandrins
croquette's~croquette's
Alfredo's~Alfredo
tight~serré
subconsciousness's~de subconscience
composite~composite
skates~patins
thrusting~poussée
bungling~bousillage
philanderer's~flirteur de
tinselled~tinselled
globetrotter's~globetrotter's
overrefined~overrefined
collate~collationner
Quakers~Quakers
heave~houle
dawns~dawns
brininess's~brininess de
copyist~copyist
Trinity's~Trinité de
touchstones~pierres angulaires
rodent~rongeur
lefties~gauchistes
crossbow~crossbow
pedlars~colporteurs
detonator's~detonator's
prohibitionist's~de prohibitionniste
mil's~mil de
Mitchel~Mitchel
Potsdam's~Potsdam de
rick's~rick de
uraemia~urémie
crackheads~crackheads
bedizening~bedizening
Arneb's~Années Arneb
transitives~transitifs
NFL~NFL
valence's~valence de
tech~technologie
memory's~de la mémoire
astronomers~les astronomes
deliveryman's~deliveryman's
dispatcher~dispatcher
gabbiness's~gabbiness's
automatics~automatics
aforethought~prémédité
Appalachian~Appalaches
proprietorship~droit de propriété
oneness's~l'unité de
Mongolians~mongols
humbleness's~de l'humilité
sportively~sportivement
overdubs~overdubs
Nineveh's~Ninive de
predisposition~prédisposition
denominates~denominates
Urdu~ourdou
instructional~éducatif
azimuth~azimut
demonstratively~demonstratively
bludgeon~matraque
percentage~pourcentage
bestiaries~bestiaires
Esquires~écuyers
unsettled~instable
Bellatrix~Bellatrix
unflappability's~flegme de
Gautama's~Gautama de
consigning~expéditrice
figurine's~figurine's
Riemann's~Riemann
holstered~holster
cedar~cèdre
gilt's~gilt's
backslapper~backslapper
peat's~de la tourbe
Niamey~Niamey
foragers~foragers
GPO~GPO
coincide~coïncider
palsy~paralysie
software's~de logiciels
starkness's~de starkness
bicarbonates~bicarbonates
joys~joies
Odom's~Odom de
siege's~le siège de
Brownies~Brownies
idiosyncratically~idiosyncratique
Kremlinologist~kremlinologue
tallyho~Tallyho
Boise~Boise
mishits~mishits
early~early
glop~glop
deferments~deferments
spectres~spectres
Campinas~Campinas
wineglass's~Années wineglass
cherry~Cerise
inhered~se posent donc
strangeness's~bizarrerie de
brooded~couvé
prosthetic~prothétique
ragbag's~ramassis de
watery~aqueux
starlight~lumière des étoiles
cleaves~clive
insolvent~insolvable
JCS~JCS
acrimony's~acrimonie de
procuring~proxénétisme
Kuwait~Koweit
eagerness~eagerness
Highness's~Altesse de
flattened~flattened
returners~réintègrent
consciousnesses~consciences
nonresistance~nonrésistance
levellers~niveleurs
polytechnics~polytechniques
acronym's~acronyme de
kerchief~foulard
eggheads~eggheads
Oshawa~Oshawa
Fugger's~Fugger de
obtrusive~importun
haplessly~haplessly
trapping~piégeage
advert's~Annonces
monetarily~monétairement
opposes~s'y oppose
stakeholders~les parties prenantes
flamboyance's~flamboyance's
dryad~dryad
Gracie~Gracie
inculpating~inculpant
controverts~controverts
orated~orated
liquor's~liqueur de
copilot~copilot
portability's~la portabilité de
subbasement~soubassement
propinquity's~de propinquity
effectiveness~effectiveness
involution's~involution de
permissive~permissif
coercing~qui exerce la contrainte
admiring~admirant
fleetness's~fleetness's
Abidjan~Abidjan
provenances~provenances
amuse~amuser
Kirby~Kirby
chummed~chummed
licked~léché
misanthropy~misanthropie
translations~traductions
dairymaids~dairymaids
oversleeping~hypersomnie
Jerrod~Jerrod
blowers~ventilateurs
glade's~glade's
Hardin's~Hardin
powerboats~bateaux à moteur
disgracefulness's~disgracefulness's
Banjul's~Banjul de
Americanisms~américanismes
bee's~abeilles
rollmops~rollmops
aptness's~de pertinence
iii~iii
beryl's~Beryl de
Malory's~Malory de
tornado~tornade
bettors~parieurs
salesclerk's~employés de commerce
Netzahualcoyotl's~Netzahualcoyotl de
landscaper's~de landscaper
inexpressibly~inexprimable
redoes~refait
boogeyman~Boogeyman
noninflammatory~noninflammatory
helpmate's~de helpmate
steep~raide
matchless~incomparable
unfrozen~dégelé
strangle~étrangler
unblushing~effronté
sneakiness's~sournoiserie de
propaganda~la propagande
vistas~perspectives
lames~lamés
Teresa~Teresa
purred~ronronné
farthing~farthing
tragicomedies~tragicomédies
dartboard~dartboard
worrywarts~worrywarts
Franklin~Franklin
polices~politiques
milepost's~la borne kilométrique de
scaliness~scaliness
mornings~les matins
demur~demur
Kronecker~kronecker
Szymborska~Szymborska
swinger~échangiste
nugatory~inopérant
stillness's~le calme de
gestapo~gestapo
collator's~assembleuse de
bluff's~bluff de
deformities~deformities
moralisation~moralisation
Egyptian~égyptien
dinky~dinky
Herakles~Herakles
Mozart~Mozart
incompatible~incompatible
Flo~Flo
stateliness~stateliness
abdicating~abdiquant
lilac~lilas
restate~retraiter
Robertson~Robertson
tissue~tissu
gunk's~gunk's
Aileen's~Aileen de
interleukin~interleukine
microcircuits~microcircuits
commissaries~économats
despots~despots
Khoisan~Khoisan
caviar~caviar
Lou~Lou
unnameable~innommables
stonemasons~tailleurs de pierre
pictures~des photos
personality~personnalité
blowpipes~sarbacanes
Alcestis~Alceste
kisser~kisser
uncleaner~uncleaner
disallowed~disallowed
accelerators~accélérateurs
thymus~thymus
undercurrents~undercurrents
expediency~expediency
indoctrination~endoctrinement
scrutiny's~examen de
fur~fur
neutralisation~neutralisation
Toledo~Toledo
shiest~Shiest
offhandedness~désinvolture
China's~Chine
duel's~duel's
porting~portage
heatproof~résistant à la chaleur
Sybil's~Sybil
Chrystal~Chrystal
Pvt~Pvt
maraschinos~maraschinos
lav~lav
reruns~rediffusions
diaereses~diaereses
flagon~flagon
loot~butin
scull's~godille de
sentinel~sentinelle
nearsightedly~myope
grocer's~grocer's
slowness~la lenteur
adjustments~ajustements
epitome's~epitome's
approximation~approximation
haze's~de brume
bifocal~bifocal
jurywoman~jurywoman
legend~légende
caryatids~cariatides
tow's~remorquage de
coursers~coursers
intestine~intestin
weekends~fins de semaine
trencher~trancheuse
roundest~plus rond
rockery~rocailles
tolled~péage
cavort~faire des cabrioles
Fern's~Fern de
mostly~la plupart
stares~regards fixes
snakebites~Morsures de serpent
wagoner's~charretier de
whizzes~whizzes
Whiteley's~Whiteley
quilters~quilteuses
surrendering~abandon
highlighting~mise en évidence
kennelling~chenils
misrepresented~Misrepresented
Cassatt's~Cassatt de
injustices~injustices
altruistic~altruiste
strikebreaker's~de briseurs de grève
butted~abouté
collations~Les classements
jumpsuit's~salopette de
contraventions~contraventions
airlocks~sas
album~album
anoint~oindre
centaurs~centaures
predestination's~de prédestination
unravelling~détricotage
ethologist's~ethologist's
growlers~growlers
lance~lance
Np's~Np de
verification~vérification
luge~luge
pally~copain
Dominica's~Dominique de
mulligan~mulligan
endoscopy~endoscopy
bedsitter~bedsitter
Cheviot's~Cheviot de
hope~espérer
henceforth~désormais
calciferous~calciferous
Graceland's~Graceland de
barcarole's~barcarolle de
intangible's~de intangibles
philately's~philately de
Burundi~Burundi
Mississauga's~Mississaugas
unsolvable~insoluble
davenport~davenport
media's~des médias
nonnatives~nonnatives
chiefdom's~Années chefferies
disapprovingly~disapprovingly
reattempt~une nouvelle tentative
Hazlitt's~Hazlitt de
meddler's~ingérant de
lubricant's~lubrifiant de
Grundy's~Grundy de
stringiest~stringiest
emir~emir
blindfold~bandeau
Mendeleev's~Mendeleïev de
plucking~plumer
enlistment's~enlistment's
pepsin's~Années pepsine
ovations~ovations
recumbent~couché
wobbliness's~de wobbliness
residences~résidences
expensiveness~expensiveness
light's~lumières
Dubrovnik~Dubrovnik
adsorbed~adsorbé
requests~demandes
terrier's~terrier de
dual~dual
titan's~titan de
harassed~harassed
Kanchenjunga~Kanchenjunga
jackknifes~mises en portefeuille
oles~oles
fallibleness's~fallibleness's
blasphemous~blasphématoire
Dillinger~Dillinger
totalisator~totalisateur
reputing~reputing
landslid~landslid
tassel~gland
headhunts~headhunts
smorgasbord~smorgasbord
gelcap~gelcap
minoxidil~minoxidil
subtitles~Les sous-titres
Sidney~Sidney
Tompkins~Tompkins
moldboards~versoirs
confederated~confédéré
arrivals~Arrivées
sundeck~terrasse
trails~les sentiers
boutiques~boutiques
benignly~bénignement
forehand's~forehand's
nonsectarian~nonsectarian
Mayfair's~de Mayfair
maniacally~maniacally
upside's~de la hausse
ticktock's~de ticktock
jawbones~maxillaires
introverted~introverti
sacrilege~sacrilège
usefully~utilement
censorial~censuré
floe~floe
cornered~cornered
distinctly~distinctly
comically~comiquement
ventures~entreprises
wealthy~riches
rice~riz
Steinmetz's~Steinmetz de
reconciles~réconcilie
deviating~deviating
positron's~positons de
partisanship's~de partisanerie
baronetcies~baronnies
klaxons~Klaxons
Haydn's~Haydn
Zachariah's~Zachariah de
torpedoed~torpillé
techies~techies
piglets~porcelets
passingly~passingly
suburbs~banlieue
version~version
vouches~gARANT
fewness~fewness
madcaps~étourdis
decelerates~decelerates
filly~filly
ensign~ensign
windlass's~guindeau de
fieriness's~fieriness's
implicitness's~implicitness de
landmark~point de repère
wicked~méchant
jitterbugged~jitterbugged
massiveness's~massivité de
Cebu's~Cebu de
seemly~convenable
foothold~foothold
Vern's~vern de
Sucre~Sucre
fleapit~fleapit
cashew's~noix de cajou
radiotelegraphs~radiotelegraphs
mooch's~Années Mooch
Athene~Athene
cricks~cricks
incandescence's~Années incandescence
necromancy's~de nécromancie
perceptions~perceptions
Cressida~Cressida
dockers~dockers
hieroglyph's~de hiéroglyphe
probationer's~de probationnaire
kinsmen~parents
Capra~Capra
brassily~brassily
vainglory~vanité
wrench~clé
nonavailability~non disponibilité
practicability~praticabilité
mares~juments
dosing~dosing
thinks~pense
homeliness's~de homeliness
asinine~idiot
taco~taco
foliage's~foliage's
oligarchies~oligarchies
orals~orals
rappels~descentes en rappel
cavorts~cabriole
Apaches~Apaches
bubbly~pétillant
invigoration's~de invigoration
donning~donning
funerals~funerals
Margrethe~Margrethe
beatable~battable
hafnium~hafnium
commissariat~intendance
antivenin's~antivenin de
fortunate~fortunate
K's~K de
metastases~métastases
staves~douelles
fluoridate~fluoridate
hamsters~hamsters
linkup~relier
sickly~maladif
yuan's~yuans de
gin~gin
trimness's~trimness de
hyperlinked~hyperlinked
outlying~périphérique
silents~silents
litigious~litigieux
pyres~bûchers
agencies~agences
tavern's~taverne de
renegotiate~renégocier
Tintoretto's~Tintoret de
credential~credential
tweeted~tweeté
passives~passives
blowtorch~chalumeau
stand's~peuplements
Guantanamo's~Guantanamo de
nonelastic~inélastique
crosswalk's~crosswalk's
bookbinding's~de reliure
Uruguayan's~uruguayen de
criminalised~criminalised
composition~composition
McCoy~McCoy
Qingdao~Qingdao
centennial's~centenaire de
ADD~AJOUTER
deteriorated~deteriorated
momentousness~momentousness
Mae~Mae
wateriness's~aquosité de
deliberation's~deliberation's
devoutest~devoutest
spruced~retapé
sunscreens~les filtres solaires
wended~dirigeai
kine~bétail
adultery's~l'adultère de
undergraduate~étudiant
unicycle~monocycle
unscratched~unscratched
amalgamates~amalgames
sloped~en pente
Brittany's~Bretagne de
nasal's~nasal de
rootlet~radicelle
snowshoed~snowshoed
hydrogenating~hydrogénant
cicerone's~cicerone de
Erewhon~Erewhon
decamping~decamping
overweight~en surpoids
castrate~castrer
hip~hanche
welted~passepoilées
Quetzalcoatl's~Quetzalcoatl de
glockenspiel's~glockenspiel's
greyness~greyness
slackens~détend
welter's~fatras de
waterproof~imperméable
scooter's~scooter de
furrows~furrows
jaybird~Jaybird
pharmacist~pharmacien
monumental~monumental
partridge's~perdreau de
epistles~epistles
discommode~discommode
adorned~parés
pugnaciousness's~de pugnacité
patronymic's~de patronymiques
townswoman~citadine
wrecks~épaves
ruminations~ruminations
holds~détient
apoplectic~apoplectique
Wheeling's~Wheeling de
conductor~conducteur
interloping~interlope
fully~fully
muskox's~de bœuf musqué
masseurs~masseurs
muddies~Muddies
dragoon's~dragoon's
minutemen~Minutemen
touchlines~de touche
Reva~Reva
Mackenzie's~Mackenzie de
tapioca's~tapioca de
quarries~carrières
contrition's~contrition's
pita~Pita
Kafka~Kafka
scuttles~écoutilles
lassoed~lacé
Thailand's~Thaïlande de
trekkers~trekkeurs
gobbledegook~gobbledegook
purism~purisme
waterfowl~les oiseaux aquatiques
muckraker~déterreur de scandales
Ainu's~Ainu de
conductible~conductible
sellotapes~sellotapes
Macon's~Macon de
moiling~moiling
mach's~mach de
queered~dévoyée
Newton's~Newton
tawnier~tawnier
pinwheeling~pinwheeling
succumbs~succombe
culpability~culpability
restart's~redémarrage de
effendis~effendis
wintering~hivernage
angelically~angéliques
brimful~débordant
voltmeters~voltmètres
crudest~crudest
heyday~âge d'or
hosts~hôtes
midriffs~midriffs
January's~janvier de
local's~des locaux
shamelessness's~de impudeur
turned~tourné
stencilling~pochoirs
skiffs~skiffs
princedom~émirat
pone's~Pone de
groyne~groyne
vittles's~Années Vittles
uninstalled~désinstallé
chignon~chignon
jugged~civet
steriliser~stérilisateur
ouzos~ouzos
heraldic~héraldique
Zeus's~Zeus de
coxswains~coxswains
typically~typiquement
stovepipes~cloisonnements
Addams~Addams
gyrfalcon~gyrfalcon
autocross~autocross
Wisconsin~Wisconsin
freshets~freshets
impatience's~de l'impatience
factors~factors
glibness's~glibness's
leaver~leaver
Spenser's~Spenser
exporting~exporting
reroute~dérouter
formidably~formidably
desolately~desolately
tigerish~tigré
horsetrading~marchandage
ineluctably~inéluctablement
imperialist~impérialiste
harridans~mégères
studly~studly
dicing~dicing
Montgolfier's~montgolfier de
Wilhelm's~Wilhelm de
Guadalupe's~Guadalupe de
quarterly~trimestriel
ironical~ironique
brainwashes~lave le cerveau
seventh~septième
NoDoz~Nodoz
mum~maman
Gospels~Évangiles
lowboy's~Années lowboy
irrational's~est irrationnel
international's~internationale de
airstrikes~Frappes aériennes
tad~TAD
unbeknown~unbeknown
Anton~Anton
meatball's~Boulettes de viande
gaping~gaping
calories~calories
twitter's~twitter de
wittiness~humour
yid~youpin
rudely~grossièrement
Lynda's~Lynda de
effusively~effusively
excretions~excretions
bodyguard~garde du corps
purport~portée
archery's~tir à l'arc de
frostbites~frostbites
Klein~Klein
Garfunkel~Garfunkel
lesson~leçon
adventitiously~fortuitement
mauling~malmener
projectionists~projectionnistes
nightfall~tombée de la nuit
stroboscope's~Années stroboscope
hyperlink's~lien de
patchy~inégal
pick~choisir
adages~adages
reeled~tournoyé
unobtrusively~discrètement
snark~snark
interbreeds~interbreeds
warp's~chaîne de
constructing~la construction
Everett's~Everett de
painters~peintres
shuttle's~La navette du
pardonable~pardonnable
horologic~horlogique
polemics~polémique
peed~pissé
ciabattas~ciabatta
durably~durably
bedeck~orner
rattles~hochets
latticework's~Années treillage
inflicted~infligées
citation's~citation de
steepens~raidit
jay~geai
antiquing~antiquing
sweatband~bandeau
advocates~défenseurs
Hegelian's~de hégéliens
vacuum~vide
peristalsis~péristaltisme
ratline~ratline
lazybones~fainéant
Hayes's~Hayes de
fart's~fart's
realisations~réalisations
championship's~Championnat de
misalliance~mésalliance
gallstone~gallstone
Atlantes~Atlantes
vegan~végétalien
readier~plus prêt
buckeye~Buckeye
lengthy~longue
chargers~chargeurs
homelier~homelier
farad's~farad's
streetlight~éclairage public
Kirghizia's~Kirghizia de
rogering~rogering
subordinates~subordonnés
cull's~cull's
gooseberry~gooseberry
concertmasters~Concertmasters
bonnet's~Bonnet années
redeemable~rachetable
shrivels~ratatine
ix~ix
erasers~erasers
community~communauté
shipbuilding~construction navale
retardation's~retard de
woodenness's~de woodenness
mightiest~le plus puissant
foreshore~foreshore
SK~SK
murmurer's~de murmurer
correspondent's~correspondent's
suborning~subornation
redbird's~Années redbird
embolden~embolden
mango~mangue
storybooks~livres d'histoire
Gage~Jauge
abrupter~abrupter
geared~geared
mortician's~Années pompes funèbres
evident~evident
seeder's~Années semoirs
whitecap~Bonnet blanc
intents~intentions
Bolshevist's~bolcheviste de
Nita's~Nita de
Lilliputian's~de lilliputiens
dictators~dictators
Kenneth~Kenneth
yammers~yammers
chromatic~chromatique
mullahs~mullahs
careless~négligent
sandals~des sandales
unions~syndicats
tattle's~Années Tattle
denim~denim
recopied~recopié
placekicker~placekicker
microbes~microbes
ghastly~ghastly
abatement~réduction
confetti~confettis
kissable~kissable
gawking~gawking
Mauriac~Mauriac
rue's~rue de
schematising~schématisant
overmanning~sureffectif
Azazel's~Azazel de
Verdun's~Verdun de
podiatry~podologie
irritation's~irritation de
inculpate~inculper
Indochinese's~Années indochinois
tankful's~tankful de
wabbits~wabbits
marbleising~marbleising
rotgut's~rotgut de
hinged~charnière
feeder's~feeder's
steaminess~steaminess
proconsul's~proconsul de
literalness's~de littéralité
pollinated~pollinisation
foremost~foremost
chis~chis
indefiniteness's~indétermination de
ravel's~ravel de
cellar~cave
taster's~dégustateur de
Elinor's~Elinor de
Vaseline~Vaseline
rhetoric's~la rhétorique de
chicle's~Années chicle
saltpetre~salpêtre
grimace~grimace
extrovert's~extrovert's
befall~arriver à
insinuations~insinuations
rave~délirer
carloads~wagons complets
encysted~encysted
headphone~casque de musique
Chimborazo~Chimborazo
oldie~oldie
backstreets~backstreets
colonist~colon
inspectors~inspecteurs
Hayward~Hayward
crammers~crammers
Pottawatomie~Pottawatomie
verminous~vermineux
sunspots~taches solaires
peter's~Pierre
Nerf~Nerf
tutti's~Tutti de
nimbler~leste
simulator~simulateur
sameness's~mêmeté de
bemoaning~se lamenter
indiscriminate~sans distinction
stronger~plus forte
refuse's~refuser de
prowls~rôde
Polaroid~Polaroïd
suet's~saindoux de
mooch~traîner
overbuying~surpayer
overcapacity~surcapacité
propitiously~propitiously
nuthatch~grimpereau
disciplinary~disciplinary
gunsmiths~gunsmiths
Keller~Keller
gluey~gluey
auspiciously~auspiciously
Lajos~Lajos
sleuth's~Années Sleuth
contextualises~contextualises
Bertrand's~Bertrand
minuets~menuets
impressionism's~de l'impressionisme
Briana's~Briana de
pathfinder's~de pathfinder
peen~PEEN
adorers~adoratrices
volatile~volatil
manumission's~Années manumission
trek's~trek de
centaur~centaure
Pompadour's~Pompadour
nonpareil's~Années nonpareil
coloraturas~colorature
larder~cellier
Adrienne~Adrienne
boarder~pensionnaire
mote~grain
lampshades~abat-jour
indemnifying~indemnisant
suppleness~souplesse
driblet~driblet
totters~chancelle
jocundity's~jocundity de
parachuting~le parachutisme
overseer~surveillant
wrongfulness~illicéité
wine~du vin
divinely~divinely
singularly~singulièrement
herbivores~herbivore
cause's~la cause de
luaus~luaus
dished~dished
pictograph~pictograph
humpbacked~en dos d'âne
nonsympathiser~nonsympathiser
shank's~tige de
bulimic's~de boulimiques
entry~entry
rap's~rap de
pussycats~pussycats
preeminence~prééminence
defected~defected
Wankel's~Wankel de
Kimberly's~Kimberly de
oxfords~richelieus
centenarian~centenaire
vertebral~vertébral
unseemliest~unseemliest
Jockey~Jockey
enlivening~enlivening
meetup's~meetup de
exhaust~exhaust
Karol's~Karol
imitator~imitateur
calm's~est calme
cheroot~cigarillo
bookshop's~librairie de
docile~docile
pocket~poche
intercourse's~les rapports de
slenderise~slenderise
culmination's~culmination's
mullein's~molène de
epicentres~epicentres
modulated~modulée
albatrosses~albatros
medically~médical
Algenib~Algenib
MST~MST
noninterchangeable~noninterchangeable
disconcerts~disconcerts
vegetarian~végétarien
wordlessly~sans un mot
torpidity's~torpidity de
gall's~gall's
manpower~main-d'œuvre
Concords~Concordes
grubber~grubber
transitive~transitif
em's~em's
rhymes~rimes
reedit~rééditer
occurrence~occurrence
omega~oméga
gaminess's~gaminess's
dazedly~dazedly
Lebanon's~Liban de
encroached~encroached
laxative's~laxatif de
revolutionist's~de révolutionnaire
repentant~repentant
bisexual~bisexuelle
flay~flay
overpowering~irrésistible
leopardess's~de leopardess
postsynaptic~postsynaptique
cockade~cocarde
barelegged~jambes nues
illuminations~enluminures
reincarnations~réincarnations
tenterhooks~tenterhooks
quintuplets~quintuplés
musty~de moisi
bicentenaries~bicentenaires
illusory~illusoire
flycatchers~flycatchers
Sperry~Sperry
turbo's~turbos
Texas~Texas
Graves~Graves
Cointreau's~Cointreau
reconvening~reconvocation
fishermen~fishermen
CNS's~CNS de
oftentimes~souvent
IMHO~A mon humble avis
shiftiness's~de sournoiserie
prolapsed~prolapsus
intranet's~années intranet
quills~pennes
granting~granting
crowfoot's~crowfoot's
birth's~de naissance
sanitation's~de l'assainissement
featherweight's~featherweight's
beebread's~beebread de
extensively~extensively
mastication~mastication
indent~tiret
gratification~gratification
funnel's~funnel's
grotesqueness~grotesqueness
depletion's~depletion's
blueness~bleu
guffaws~guffaws
daddy~daddy
handicapper's~handicapper's
basilicas~basiliques
sims~sims
implicit~implicite
troubadour's~troubadour de
transfused~transfusé
refillable~rechargeable
excavates~excavates
AB's~Abdos
deterioration's~deterioration's
decease~decease
balkier~balkier
Ricardo's~Ricardo
payoff's~payoff de
frontiersman~frontiersman
sneaker~sneaker
Avesta's~Avesta de
nuncio~nonce
unscrewing~dévissage
semicircle's~demi-cercle de
dissipated~dissipated
comfiest~comfiest
tagger~tagger
gender's~gender's
ditching~ditching
happy~happy
omnivore's~omnivore de
additive's~additif de
snowbird's~Snowbird de
Fatima's~Fatima
Gwendoline's~gwendoline de
Magritte~Magritte
propagation~propagation
interrupted~interrompu
Diocletian's~Dioclétien de
Rutgers~Rutgers
minters~monnayeurs
FDA~FDA
scrapheaps~scrapheaps
Cressida's~Cressida de
echinoderms~echinoderms
Frances's~années Frances
caboose~cambuse
frieze~frieze
potfuls~potées
impulsion~impulsion
unravels~dénoue
realignment~réalignement
Jeremiah's~Jérémie de
Debora~Debora
cytology~cytology
inescapably~inéluctablement
oscillators~oscillateurs
injurer~offenseur
upgraded~mis à jour
alcoholism's~de l'alcoolisme
Calvinism~calvinisme
Dusseldorf's~Düsseldorf de
sideboards~bahuts
moustached~moustachu
suppers~soupers
Suharto's~Suharto
videoing~videoing
Watts's~watts de
Palmyra~Palmyre
bottling~embouteillage
listeners~les auditeurs
jamming~brouillage
brim~bord
Christmas's~Noël de
misapplication's~mauvaise application de
Mendoza~Mendoza
subprograms~subprograms
indifferent~indifférent
daydreams~daydreams
euphemisms~euphemisms
ambassadors~ambassadeurs
construing~construing
Sunbelt~Sunbelt
rumply~rumply
edifiers~edifiers
bluebird's~Bluebird de
demoting~demoting
mass's~masse de
Pampers~Pampers
stomp~taper du pied
oily~huileux
retrieved~récupéré
flounce's~flounce's
Lajos's~Années Lajos
proficiency's~de compétence
bridled~bridé
attachable~attachable
hypnotist~hypnotiseur
collarless~col
Kip's~Kip de
regularities~régularités
heptagon~heptagone
defacer's~defacer's
good's~good's
incarcerating~incarcérer
goatee's~goatee's
layperson~layperson
niche's~niche de
aphrodisiac's~aphrodisiaque de
woodblock~bloc de bois
Mekong's~Mékong de
objectified~objectivée
catalyst~catalyseur
boa's~BoA
misuses~mésusages
Backus's~Backus de
touchscreen~écran tactile
Guinness~Guinness
coronal~coronal
generalist's~generalist's
Alps's~Alpes de
censored~censuré
studiously~studieusement
Laotian's~laotien de
sheers~voilages
grasshopper~grasshopper
discursiveness~discursiveness
occasions~occasions
sauciest~sauciest
Fredrick~Fredrick
shale's~schiste de
broadminded~large d'esprit
starting~départ
disinterestedness's~disinterestedness's
shroud's~linceul de
drawled~drawled
putter~putter
Soweto~Soweto
genuinely~genuinely
Guerra's~Guerra de
atrocity's~atrocité de
Hansel~Hansel
ornerier~ornerier
busyness~affairement
expecting~expecting
fatsos~fatsos
shout~crier
cinematographer's~directeur de la photo de
stepped~étagée
knob~bouton
oppose~s'opposer
overarmed~surarmée
wonder's~merveilles
expends~expends
loveliness~beauté
landslide~glissement de terrain
passionflowers~passiflores
Mekong~Mékong
inconspicuousness's~de inconspicuousness
hammerers~hammerers
admired~admirée
backside's~Backside de
eglantine~eglantine
Poisson~Poisson
candelabrum's~candélabre de
tweediest~tweediest
mural~mural
IOU's~IOU
maxis~Maxis
reprise's~de reprise
triennial~triennal
skyjacker~pirate de l'air
propeller's~hélice de
lunchtimes~midis
Inonu~Inonu
revalue~réévaluer
invention~invention
ideas~idées
airier~airier
firmament's~firmament's
telegraph's~Telegraph
preppies~preppies
dress~dress
ammeters~ampèremètres
enriches~enriches
affinities~affinités
protector's~protecteur de
representatives~représentants
sexing~sexage
folios~folios
heists~hold-up
sire's~père de
dodger's~dodger's
antivirals~antiviraux
deactivating~deactivating
Odom~Odom
tibia's~tibia de
demagogic~demagogic
horribly~horriblement
bumper~pare-chocs
cliometrician's~Années cliometrician
seeded~tête de série
Darnell~Darnell
banishment's~le bannissement de
Sonja's~Sonja de
tepidness's~de tiédeur
birdbrain's~écervelé de
little's~peu de
assurance~assurance
suggestible~suggestible
nonempty~nonvide
Sydney~Sydney
sweet's~bonbons
hemmer's~Hemmer de
British~Britanique
grange~grange
spotter's~de spotter
kappa's~kappa de
gives~gives
senna's~séné de
sugared~sugared
maturation~maturation
haphazardness's~haphazardness's
filigreeing~filigreeing
Noble's~noble de
agitate~agiter
judo's~judo de
fossils~fossils
risking~risquer
disturbance~disturbance
McBride's~McBride
borrowers~emprunteurs
salmonellae~salmonelle
enthusiasts~enthusiasts
trapezoid~trapézoïdal
assimilating~assimilant
boggier~boggier
priors~prieurs
incubuses~incubes
soundest~saine
rinse's~rinçage de
lappet's~Années lappet
duvets~duvets
overwrote~réenregistrés
solicitous~soucieux
wildfire~incendies
hived~cantonnés
robocalling~robocalling
crumblier~crumblier
ditch~ditch
parsnip~panais
muffler's~pot d'échappement de
confider~confidérer
antispasmodics~antispasmodiques
predefined~prédéfini
dirk~dirk
cosponsors~cosponsors
shiatsu's~shiatsu de
ragtime's~ragtime de
irruption~irruption
miscegenation's~métissages de
modicums~modicums
tease~taquiner
irrelevancy~irrelevancy
lurch~embardée
skua~labbe
Tombaugh~Tombaugh
declaring~declaring
roomed~pièces
mickey~mickey
bilge~fond de cale
Giselle~Giselle
subterfuges~échappatoires
Balthazar's~Balthazar de
simple~simple
workbench~Table de travail
logotypes~logotypes
Sevres~Sevres
decompose~decompose
mandrakes~mandragores
malarial~paludéen
endocrinology's~endocrinology's
Javanese~Javanais
backdate~antidater
Felicia's~Felicia de
nitroglycerine's~de la nitroglycérine
ticket's~des billets
cornrows~cornrows
saxophonist's~saxophoniste de
racily~avec verve
nozzle's~des buses de
Fitch's~Fitch
bucolics~bucoliques
slacker~fainéant
roguery's~de rouerie
affluently~l'aisance
possibles~possibles
specifiable~définissable
flyweights~flyweights
ghoulishness's~ghoulishness's
qua~en tant que
retains~conserve
legitimately~légitimement
tonight~ce soir
Izanagi~Izanagi
blotters~buvards
multiplex's~multiplex de
Sputnik~Spoutnik
admonishment's~de admonestation
incised~incisé
Perseus's~Persée de
Snow's~Snow
trending~tendance
homeworker~travailleur à domicile
foxhunts~foxhunts
adagio's~adagio de
setter's~poseur de
professionalised~professionnalisé
mensches~mensches
resorting~le recours
appertained~appartenoit
stochastic~stochastique
droopiness's~droopiness's
Worms's~Worms de
seamstress's~lingère de
laden~chargé
trainman's~de trainman
toil's~rets
Massasoit's~Massasoit de
plunged~plongée
Coventry~Coventry
cherishing~chérissant
keypunchers~perforatrices
brilliants~brilliants
lymphocyte~lymphocyte
vitrify~vitrifier
wiliness~ruse
glade~glade
lying~mensonge
congruity's~de congruence
bottomed~à fond
insectivorous~insectivore
GOP's~GOPs
spasm~spasme
obsessional~obsessionnelles
impairments~pertes de valeur
Nkrumah~Nkrumah
Judd's~Judd
masseur's~masseur de
annunciation's~annonciation de
crucible's~crucible's
Corleone~Corleone
torture's~la torture de
providently~providentiellement
Babylonia's~Babylonia de
like~comme
Lesa~Lesa
Lupe~Lupe
facilely~facilely
affinity~affinité
Junior~Junior
cloth's~de tissu
conversationalist~conversationalist
Dubhe~Dubhe
busks~Buses
CNN~CNN
Nyasa's~Nyasa de
forty~forty
absolute~absolu
veep~vice-président
Paris's~Paris de
wiser~plus sage
Reykjavik's~Reykjavik de
chinks~chinks
deem~deem
snorkel's~tuba de
two~deux
shuns~Fuit
emptied~emptied
histamine's~histamine de
defroster's~defroster's
SOS~SOS
costume~costume
dazzlingly~dazzlingly
theoretic~théorique
dedicator~dedicator
Ovid~Ovide
savoy's~savoy de
retesting~réanalyse
association~association
microsecond~microseconde
crooning~crooning
wets~humidifie
yawed~embardé
flack~flack
bruiser's~Bruiser de
oversized~énorme
darkly~darkly
biscuit~biscuit
horizontals~horizontals
concaveness's~concavité de
stovepipe~cloisonnée
lode~filon
fathead~fathead
parterres~parterres
decade~decade
resisted~résisté
Sims's~Années Sims
tarring~goudronnage
draughtily~draughtily
impermanence's~de l'impermanence
mariachi~mariachi
pods~gousses
Ag~Ag
anodise~anodisée
Frobisher~Frobisher
rephrase~reformulez
eviction~eviction
rewoven~retissé
mtg~mtg
Couperin~Couperin
jocoseness~jocoseness
pharaoh~pharaon
hypothalamus's~hypothalamus de
engage~engage
thwart's~contrecarrer de
mercer's~mercier de
midwife~sage-femme
haulers~tombereaux
portage's~de portage
repartee~repartie
fumed~fumed
gangstas~gangstas
misjudgement's~de mauvaise évaluation
redaction~rédaction
facetious~facetious
Alberta~Alberta
intensives~intensifs
westernises~westernises
Voltaire's~Voltaire
abbe~abbé
vapes~vapes
blur's~le flou de
rebuke's~réprimander de
ocular's~oculaire de
meatloaf~Pain de viande
concierge's~concierge de
Pryor's~Pryor de
coherently~de manière cohérente
Jane's~Jane
thirties~la trentaine
lozenges~losanges
conversational~conversational
zestfulness's~zestfulness de
panchromatic~panchromatique
veronica's~veronica de
marry~marier
dismantlement's~dismantlement's
thundery~thundery
mirthful~mirthful
proposer~auteur de la proposition
turncoat's~renégat de
johnny's~johnny de
Pankhurst's~Pankhurst de
abortionists~avorteurs
itching~démangeaisons
relocatable~relocatable
gassy~gassy
simulacrums~simulacres
outguns~outguns
comical~comique
reciprocation's~de déplacement alternatif
vineyard~vignoble
counterrevolution~counterrevolution
telepathy's~télépathie de
Aryan~aryen
Allahabad's~Allahabad de
placate~apaiser
epic's~epic's
grafted~grafted
subcontinents~subcontinents
Quaoar's~Quaoar de
lindens~tilleuls
Brownshirt~chemises brunes
lens~lentille
esteem~esteem
adrenaline's~de l'adrénaline
Wooten~Wooten
slantwise~en biais
wards~pupilles
colloquialism's~de colloquialism
basilica's~Basilique
despotic~despotic
crest's~crest's
Menuhin's~Menuhin de
unyoking~unyoking
faggots~faggots
manuscripts~manuscrits
Luce's~Luce de
shower~douche
shuffle's~lecture aléatoire de
brewpub~brewpub
gassing~gassing
canvases~toiles
placated~apaisés
abashes~abashes
RayBan's~Raybans
borers~foreurs
quarrelling~disputes
glitters~glitters
malignancies~tumeurs malignes
comforters~couettes
muscats~muscats
costs~costs
currencies~currencies
servility~servilité
smarten~bichonner
romantic~romantique
acceptation's~acceptation de
occlusions~occlusions
spear~lance
disk's~disk's
phraseology's~de phraséologie
dumbfounding~dumbfounding
shrink~rétrécir
tawdriness's~tawdriness de
bearskin's~Années Bearskin
attest~attester
Ana~Ana
uncertain~incertain
threshed~foulé
buzzkill~buzzkill
Buck~Mâle
nibblers~grignoteuses
peering~scrutant
pails~seaux
migrates~émigre
Cathay's~Cathay de
undercoats~apprêts
instrument's~instruments
smartphones~smartphones
dankly~dankly
prawn's~crevettes
inspected~inspecté
scorns~dédaigne
washcloth's~Années débarbouillette
supernumerary~surnuméraire
actives~actifs
augustness~augustness
jubilation~jubilation
tetchiness~tetchiness
celebrant's~de officiant
anatomy~anatomie
Diego's~Diego de
emphysema~emphysema
manger's~manger de
malady~maladie
how~Comment
mugful~tasse pleine de
hither~ici
exfoliation~exfoliation
wages~les salaires
surmise's~conjecturer de
fetishism~fetishism
understands~comprend
Isis~Isis
rejection~rejet
savant's~de savant
sweetness's~douceur de
muggiest~muggiest
reinforce~renforcer
Southey~Southey
snarled~gronda
diatomic~diatomic
Brits~Brits
fibril~fibril
angelica~angélique
detects~detects
minimised~réduit
curators~curators
Beth's~Beth
menially~menially
wage's~les salaires
buttonwood~buttonwood
Wurlitzer~Wurlitzer
hydroxide's~hydroxyde de
mercilessly~sans pitié
withes~withes
quick~rapide
Steiner~Steiner
Algonquian's~algonquine de
customs~customs
clef~clef
infection~infection
showers~douches
photoengraved~photogravé
ages~âge
exaction's~exaction's
enjoy~enjoy
Whitfield~Whitfield
attentiveness's~attention de
exponential~exponential
lifeline's~bouée de sauvetage de
devilishness~devilishness
colonoscopy's~colonoscopie de
Miltown~Miltown
chirrup~gazouillis
swilled~lavés à grande eau
Cotonou~Cotonou
puking~dégueuler
unlikeliness~invraisemblance
immutability~immutabilité
chignons~chignons
weeknight's~de soir de la semaine
ergosterol's~ergosterol's
Arcturus's~Arcturus de
muezzin's~Années muezzin
Adele~Adele
peppermint~menthe poivrée
hyperventilate~hyperventilation
pileups~carambolages
lee~Lee
Missourian~Missourian
slender~mince
imagery~imagerie
Terran's~Terran de
chestiest~chestiest
Efren's~Années Efren
licence~Licence
minuted~minuté
gunners~gunners
leched~leched
quotes~citations
breadline's~de breadline
overturn~renverser
godhood's~godhood's
XEmacs's~de XEmacs
restraint's~la retenue de
Munchhausen's~Munchhausen de
entreat~entreat
bidets~bidets
glandular~glandular
Varanasi's~Varanasi de
chestful~chestful
relates~rapporte
bakeshop's~bakeshop de
cask's~fût de
burgeons~bourgeonne
pressers~presseurs
Curitiba's~Curitiba de
Gorky~Gorky
traumatic~traumatique
snout's~museau de
chopstick's~baguettes
townees~townees
neighbourhood~quartier
embowering~embowering
glaciers~glaciers
dandified~dandified
heavenly~céleste
treks~treks
solemnities~fêtes solennelles
tappers~saigneurs
bathysphere's~bathysphere de
seating's~sièges de
pacemaker~stimulateur cardiaque
fictionalisations~fictionalisations
analogy~analogie
summits~sommets
speck's~grain de
exhort~exhort
supremacy's~suprématie de
lobar~lobaire
prospector~prospecteur
prodigal~prodigue
pilgrim~pèlerin
acanthus~acanthe
retard's~retard de
protean~inconstant
drunk~drunk
heptathlon's~heptathlon de
mackintosh's~Mackintosh de
Ghent's~Gand de
powerhouse~centrale
Vang~Vang
pox's~la variole de
overcoat~pardessus
brigadier's~de général de brigade
beverage's~boissons de
child's~d'enfant
shutouts~jeux blancs
Persian~persan
Soho's~Soho de
dormitory~dormitory
mender's~Années mender
biker~motard
microfilms~microfilms
foreskins~foreskins
antipathy~antipathie
Patna's~Patna de
technologists~technologues
licensee's~titulaire de licence de
Tacoma~Tacoma
restorations~restaurations
Ashanti's~Ashanti
numbskull's~de ganache
admonishes~admoneste
glissando's~glissando's
kissing~kissing
Knoxville~Knoxville
screwing~baise
euthanized~euthanized
prude~prude
diffused~diffused
shortsighted~myope
motorboat~bateau à moteur
frosted~frosted
blowfly's~blowfly de
narcotics~stupéfiants
IT~IL
retch~haut-le-cœur
Allegra~Allegra
cribbage~cribbage
stamper's~Stamper
extermination~extermination
spitfires~spitfires
saunaing~saunaing
tang's~Tang
enfolded~enfolded
autobiographic~autobiographique
sitar's~sitar de
decimation~decimation
acuteness's~de sagacité
Knesset's~Knesset de
Rep~Représentant
Prada's~Prada
leeriness~leeriness
sections~sections
NFC~NFC
Dempsey~Dempsey
construes~construes
inclinations~inclinations
appertains~appartient
fluting's~fluting's
mild's~de doux
pensively~pensivement
archduke~archiduc
psi~psi
swoosh~swoosh
firetrap's~firetrap's
waterfront~front de mer
shrieked~hurlèrent
triumphed~triompha
Bethe's~Bethe de
thanklessness's~de mécréance
changeability's~de mutabilité
Estella's~Estella de
detonated~detonated
tailed~tailed
ambitiousness~ambition
deeds~deeds
signorina's~Signorina de
superscription's~suscription de
screechier~screechier
mediation~la médiation
uncompromising~intransigeant
repulsing~répulsive
dolorous~dolorous
dutifully~dutifully
cask~fût
Brighton's~Brighton de
hootenanny~hootenanny
Palestine's~Palestine de
foyer's~foyer's
postie~postie
semiweekly's~de bihebdomadaire
abscesses~abcès
miserableness's~de miserableness
countersunk~countersunk
APO~APO
Jewish~juif
stile's~de stile
clopped~clopped
intermittent~intermittent
shrapnel~shrapnel
urology~urologie
gonging~gonging
formalisation's~formalisation's
bounteousness~bounteousness
preclude~empêcher
mottled~tacheté
Knudsen's~Knudsen de
Nisan's~Nisan de
turncoats~girouettes
sweater's~chandails
niacin~niacine
wackiness's~de wackiness
succeeded~réussi
uproariously~uproariously
cartoon's~les dessins animés
endive's~endive's
spurning~dédaignant
slang~argot
Earnhardt~Earnhardt
impurer~impurer
cartilage's~du cartilage
TWX~TWX
Omani~omanais
doppelganger~doppelganger
caricatured~caricaturée
revamps~refond
rewove~rewove
microfiche~microfiche
gradually~gradually
slowpoke's~slowpoke de
dribblers~dribblers
showerproof~showerproof
mediums~supports
whimpering~gémissements
decree~decree
retouching~retouche
Hegel's~Hegel
agitation~agitation
irrecoverable~irrécupérable
Bean's~Des haricots
mesosphere~mésosphère
painterly~painterly
incense's~encens années
sickrooms~infirmeries
Corinne~Corinne
truckload~chargement de camion
hiya~hiya
quake's~séisme de
DVRs~enregistreurs vidéo numériques
refund~rembourser
gravitating~gravitating
arduousness~pénibilité
invidiously~de façon injuste
Mojave's~Mojave de
Nasser~Nasser
Monterrey~Monterrey
conviction's~conviction's
metropolises~métropoles
dismissed~dismissed
misspellings~fautes d'orthographe
sequentially~séquentiellement
potherb's~herbes potagères
Goodwill~Bonne volonté
ACT~ACTE
OK~D'accord
shrinkage's~retrait de
clashes~affrontements
asthma~asthme
cardigans~cardigans
shipwrecked~naufragé
belongs~fait parti
subside~se calmer
Hirobumi's~Hirobumi de
costars~costars
drummed~drummed
Maryann's~Maryann
CT's~TC
mishit~coup manqué
Batman~Homme chauve-souris
netter~netter
cortege~cortege
megadeath~MEGADEATH
dropout's~dropout's
nemeses~Némésis
investiture's~investiture de
bloodsuckers~sangsues
packaged~emballé
lasso~lasso
shortcomings~lacunes
straightener's~de lisseur
Lamaisms~Lamaisms
rustier~rustier
poem~poème
holograph's~olographe de
patios~patios
catboat~catboat
garlic's~garlic's
schismatic~schismatique
shipmates~moussaillons
Banjarmasin's~banjarmasin de
hunt's~hunt
cognac~Cognac
STOL~STOL
Mill~Moulin
shortchanging~shortchanging
imprudence's~imprudences de
digest~digest
departmentalisation~departmentalisation
Maryland~Maryland
resurvey~réarpentage
accredit~accréditer
caravan's~caravane de
Bucharest's~Bucarest de
unusually~exceptionnellement
classification~classification
stuffily~stuffily
elections~elections
chocolatey~chocolaté
relaxant~décontractant
Carole~Carole
loftily~loftily
binman~boueur
chinstrap~jugulaire
agitations~agitations
Russian~russe
reimburses~rembourse
pacifier~sucette
withering~dépérissement
accord's~accord de
platted~platted
nonattendance's~de la non-participation
nightlife's~vie nocturne
backfired~l'effet inverse
dixieland's~dixieland's
tom~à M
nipper's~pinces
additions~additions
entourage~entourage
causeways~chaussées
squeegee's~raclette de
demonically~demonically
chanticleer~Chanticleer
surcingles~surfaix
unreadable~illisible
mispronunciation~prononciation incorrecte
Quonset~quonset
creels~creels
stammerers~bègues
clamberer~clamberer
transmits~transmet
mattered~importait
highly~très
phloem's~liber de
devastator's~devastator's
parades~défilés
reweigh~peser une nouvelle fois
gnocchi~gnocchi
apostatising~apostatising
ponged~ponged
solacing~consolante
undulant~onduleux
subjunctive's~subjonctif de
protestant~protestant
jobsworths~jobsworths
drabbest~drabbest
iconoclasm~iconoclasme
megacycle's~Années mégacycles
consonance's~consonance de
curviest~curviest
wazoos~wazoos
shook~secouait
DECed~DECed
trophy~trophée
rupture~rupture
pitas~pitas
irony's~ironie de
Kelvin~Kelvin
Estonians~Estoniens
spymasters~maîtres espions
YT~YT
wearings~wearings
miscellaneous~divers
landholders~les propriétaires fonciers
kitties~cagnottes
cooperative~cooperative
Ruchbah's~Ruchbah de
nicotine~nicotine
degradation~degradation
snatching~enlèvement
sideboard~buffet
caring~soins
safer~plus sûr
badgering~harceler
misery's~la misère de
hydrated~hydraté
scribbler~gribouilleur
safest~le plus sûr
patch's~pièce de
renegade~renégat
Lela's~Lela de
precognition~préconnaissance
mummification~momification
antitank~antichar
sixteens~sixteens
accedes~adhérera
dungaree~dungaree
chaffinches~pinsons
whippletrees~whippletrees
factorial~factorial
drought's~drought's
exchange's~exchange's
Twila's~Twila de
microprocessor~microprocesseur
affronts~affronts
Smithson~Smithson
approved~approuvé
lyrically~lyriquement
shortening's~de raccourcissement
Unions~Les syndicats
Mafias~maffias
careerists~carriéristes
refashioned~refaçonnée
inline~en ligne
factor's~factor's
exhalations~exhalations
dryness~dryness
sandcastle~Sandcastle
summers~étés
moiety~moitié
reforestation~reboisement
torridly~torridly
neonatal~nouveau-né
boilings~bouillonnements
elevenses~elevenses
gamin~gamin
zoomed~zoomée
swill's~pâtée de
perturbs~perturbe
mirage's~mirage de
improvable~améliorable
flagstaffs~flagstaffs
idol~idole
PVC's~extrasystoles ventriculaires
multiplicative~multiplicatif
feigns~feigns
superbly~superbement
tunes~airs
opera~opéra
sequins~paillettes
tepee's~de tipis
ministry's~ministère de
tattooers~tatoueurs
vengeance~vengeance
lush~luxuriant
muting~mise en sourdine
unsought~unsought
bunker~bunker
autumnal~automnal
Glenn~Glenn
quadruplets~quadruplés
songbooks~songbooks
gown~gown
Hipparchus~Hipparque
snorkelling~plongée avec masque et tuba
viceroy~vice-roi
mujaheddin~moudjahidin
nonphysically~nonphysically
jugular~jugulaire
doss~doss
furores~furores
Brazilians~Brésiliens
Nordics~Nordics
flagellating~flagellating
Max~max
trampling~piétinement
toothed~denté
oarsmen~oarsmen
Thebes's~Années Thèbes
sixshooter~Sixshooter
item~article
baulk's~baulk de
Sacco~Sacco
Liliuokalani's~Liliuokalani de
overpass's~Passage supérieur de
dryad's~dryad's
piffle~balivernes
tealights~tealights
Podgorica~Podgorica
inclusions~inclusions
indites~indites
afterthought's~après coup de
fractals~fractals
refocus~recentrer
Kirkland~Kirkland
cajoles~cajole
fuchsias~fuchsias
barnacles~bernacles
party's~partie de
emptiness~emptiness
strangler~étrangleur
Santos~Santos
fisher's~fisher's
pimp~souteneur
propping~étaiement
Maugham~Maugham
mayflowers~fleurs de mai
tousled~ébouriffé
Lovecraft~lovecraft
aspersion's~aspersión de
brindle~bringé
rowdies~chahuteurs
Eurasian~eurasien
colourist~coloriste
shelling~bombardement
misconstrue~mal interpréter
Amherst~Amherst
overflies~encore en vol
Dominic~Dominic
ancestor's~les ancêtres
hopeful~optimiste
overclouded~overclouded
eugenic~eugenic
infections~infections
referee~arbitre
discombobulation's~discombobulation's
collusion~connivence
annex's~annexe de
fucking~fucking
seedcase's~Années péricarpe
uncatalogued~non cataloguée
Malabar~Malabar
cashes~places payées
advantages~avantages
refinanced~refinancé
Southeast~sud-est
prophesy~prophétiser
excellent~excellent
sigmas~sigmas
skewering~embrocher
Anastasia's~Anastasia
condolences~condoléances
Hansen's~Hansen
sophistry's~de sophisme
constipate~constiper
preteens~préadolescents
disciplining~disciplining
factorised~factorised
Maytag's~Maytag de
strewn~Strewn
brie~Brie
misusing~abusant
auxiliary's~auxiliaire de
cleanlier~cleanlier
homeless~sans abri
cupolaed~cupolaed
unlaces~délace
stockinette~stockinette
Burris's~Burris de
interdicted~interdit
charioteer~aurige
anorak's~anorak de
springboards~tremplins
Weldon's~Weldon de
casuists~casuistes
vocalist~chanteur
winders~enrouleurs
youthful~jeune
probe~sonde
seminar's~séminaire de
Duncan~Duncan
academically~académique
inflicts~Inflige
Klimt's~Klimt
backhands~backhands
discountenances~discountenances
horsefly~taon
perniciousness~perniciosité
gaucheness~gaucheness
EM~EM
carpel's~carpelles de
paunchy~ventru
differentiates~differentiates
emergency~emergency
emulator's~emulator's
Suez~Suez
samey~samey
Fukuoka's~Fukuoka de
titmouse's~Années mésange
tampons~tampons
distribution~distribution
Alfonzo~Alfonzo
Bragg~Bragg
iguanas~iguanes
overseer's~overseer de
municipal's~municipaux de
Clemson~Clemson
gaffer's~gaffer's
supplication~supplication
Dustin's~Dustin de
nakedness's~nudité de
ska's~ska de
reevaluation~révaluation
riversides~bords de rivières
valets~voituriers
nondramatic~non dramatique
limerick~limerick
tinkles~tintements
gracelessness~gracelessness
blowlamps~chalumeaux
prevaricate~tergiverser
subordinating~subordonnant
suppurated~suppuration
Fermi~fermi
newel's~Newel de
nonentity~nullité
GNP~PNB
exploitable~exploitable
majoritarianism~majoritarisme
parental~parental
offering's~offre de
florescent~florescent
stupidity~stupidité
poorly~pauvrement
conservationist~conservationniste
dauntlessly~dauntlessly
corporal's~corporal's
quietly~tranquillement
contraltos~contraltos
recrudesces~recrudesces
sh~sh
horseradish's~raifort de
murks~murks
mischief's~mal de
downiest~downiest
jetports~jetports
Colgate~Colgate
exhibitors~exhibitors
stratum~strate
astronautics~astronautique
bleeds~saigne
duration~duration
surcease's~de surcease
antihero's~Années Antihero
Antonius~Antonius
creature~creature
trilobite~trilobite
Benet~Benet
potpourris~potpourris
wrongheadedness's~de wrongheadedness
pronunciations~prononciations
lesbian's~de lesbiennes
shepherded~shepherded
faeces~faeces
Cygnus's~Cygnus de
freelancers~freelancers
Swinburne~Swinburne
hammerheads~hammerheads
Kenyon~Kenyon
atonality's~de l'atonalité
turnstile's~de tourniquet
Terrence~Terrence
holocausts~holocaustes
reparations's~de réparations de
dousing~dousing
bacteriologists~bactériologistes
tyrannosaurus's~Années tyrannosaurus
diver~diver
genes~genes
Pueblo's~Pueblo de
Noxzema~Noxzema
CAP~CASQUETTE
Multics~Multics
naughtiest~naughtiest
certificating~certificateurs
Mattie~Mattie
separative~séparative
counterfeiting~counterfeiting
laureate's~lauréat du prix de
roue~débauché
hetero's~hétéro de
obscurantist's~de l'obscurantisme
nutritionist's~nutritionniste de
Elanor~elanor
liner's~de doublure
trey~Trey
Manasseh~Manassé
durable~durable
throttle~étrangler
skywriter~Skywriter
housewifely~ménagère
Mauricio~Mauricio
layoff~Licencier
Anouilh~Anouilh
offprints~offprints
tutting~tutting
roadshows~spectacle de rue
concordance's~concordance de
negligee's~déshabillé de
wartiest~wartiest
heroics~heroics
machinations~machinations
Barrymore~Barrymore
stiffening~raidissement
weirdies~weirdies
dinner~dinner
pudding's~du boudin
subleasing~souslocation
baggage's~de bagages
daybreak~daybreak
Wilde~Wilde
eloquence~eloquence
veering~virant
saddle~selle
conger's~Conger de
matters~questions
Batu~Batu
asthma's~de l'asthme
refuge's~refuge de
sells~Sells
alkalises~alkalises
forays~forays
indirectness's~de indirectness
decrepitude~decrepitude
indention's~de indention
cesarean's~de césarienne
trounces~écrase
bulwark's~pavois de
homey~homey
testis~testiculaire
medicate~traiter
endow~endow
soapiness~soapiness
basketry~vannerie
lapidaries~lapidaires
writing's~L'écriture de
Ogden~Ogden
Toulouse~Toulouse
reiterative~réitératif
skyward~vers le ciel
chowing~ingurgitant
asthmatic's~de asthmatique
Shevardnadze's~Chevardnadze de
skippers~skippers
reenlistment~réengagement
wallow~se vautrer
clevis's~chape de
helpers~aides
radicalisation~radicalisation
Vitim's~Vitim de
Waldemar~Waldemar
Jersey's~maillot
surcingle~surfaix
formula~formula
Pauling~Pauling
unpopularity's~l'impopularité de
modalities~modalités
coping~coping
suffers~pâtit
tureens~soupières
fibreglass~fibreglass
bloodmobile's~Collectemobile de
piloted~piloté
goober's~goober's
uneasiness's~l'inquiétude de
doziest~doziest
badman's~Badman de
communicants~communiants
Patrice's~de Patrice
shopfitting~Shopfitting
supremacists~suprématistes
emoji's~emoji's
visitants~visitants
grammar~grammar
joiners~menuisiers
ethnologists~ethnologists
amounts~les montants
Pynchon~Pynchon
winy~vineux
dissolved~dissolved
chiffonier's~Chiffonnier de
insolvency~insolvabilité
shuddering~frémissement
escaped~escaped
alembics~alambics
Galloway's~Galloway
unstably~instablement
paradises~paradis
overflight~survols
sincerity~la sincérité
Sumter's~Sumter de
Keokuk~Keokuk
agelessness~agelessness
financing's~financing's
sportscasting~sportscasting
cabaret~cabaret
chatter~bavarder
fetes~fetes
subconscious's~années subconscient
lugubriousness's~de lugubriousness
fordable~fordable
buttressing~étayage
pleonasms~pléonasmes
phenom's~de Phenom
indicting~inculpant
tortilla's~tortillas
Punjabi~Punjabi
paperwork~formalités administratives
backspin's~backspin de
minutes~minutes
hauberk's~Années Haubert
bemuses~bemuses
seawater~l'eau de mer
Hays~Hays
Heinz~Heinz
deodorising~deodorising
moulted~mués
shapelessly~shapelessly
leatherneck's~Leatherneck de
charities~les organismes de bienfaisance
poleaxe~merlin
equitably~equitably
fuse's~fuse's
incumbency~titularisation
Protestants~protestants
individual~individuel
painted~peint
sects~sectes
circuitry's~circuit de
devotee~devotee
coronation~coronation
monochromatic~monochromatique
express~express
tonic~Tonique
agitator's~de l'agitateur
mattock's~houe de
reversing~marche arrière
seeder~semoir
czarists~czarists
debonairly~debonairly
adoptable~adoptable
accordionist~accordéoniste
saltest~saltest
finessing~finessing
squirrels~écureuils
escalators~escalators
clay's~de l'argile
comedian's~comédien de
Delphic's~Delphic de
guano~guano
shortcut~raccourci
drizzled~drizzled
Jason~Jason
ointments~onguents
presbyter's~presbyter de
talon's~de serre
ability's~la capacité de
agrarianism~agrarianisme
windowpanes~vitres
Changsha~Changsha
mattering~mattering
Afrocentrism~afrocentrisme
brisker~Brisker
perusal's~Une lecture attentive des années
unwieldier~unwieldier
stethoscope~stéthoscope
fatherlands~fatherlands
unholiness~impiété
incremented~incrémentée
nonresident's~de non-résidents
Vicksburg~Vicksburg
plus's~en plus de
Gulliver's~Gulliver
Valletta~La Valette
deceit~deceit
canting~biseautage
Terrie~Terrie
pouffes~poufs
grittiness's~grittiness's
bastardises~bastardises
squishes~squishes
refactors~refactors
equality~equality
bashful~timide
excerpting~excerpting
Fidel~Fidel
spongiest~spongiest
imperilling~en péril
summitry's~de conférences au sommet
bloodthirstiness~sanguinaire
lightface~caractère normal
Baird's~Baird
lam~lam
telesales~télévente
fiftieth~fiftieth
intransigently~intransigeante
percolation~filtration
forswears~forswears
relines~regarnissage
panoply~panoplie
typewrite~dactylographier
loudspeaker~haut-parleur
playrooms~salles de jeux
India's~Inde
Panamanians~Panaméens
hominy~hominy
doubleheaders~doubleheaders
tympanic~tympanique
cpl~cpl
broccoli~brocoli
followings~followings
hoosegow's~hoosegow de
adjuration~adjuration
Detroit~Detroit
prizefight's~prizefight de
maverick~Maverick
lacerating~lacérant
improvements~améliorations
cuteness's~cuteness's
saucers~soucoupes
hem's~ourlet de
poises~poises
graceless~graceless
parrot's~perroquet de
jitterbugger's~jitterbugger de
Vivienne~Vivienne
oversimplifications~simplisme
Junior's~jUNIOR
personify~personnifier
baklava's~Années baklava
Boleyn's~Boleyn de
ate~a mangé
martini~martini
Playboy~Playboy
contingent's~contingent's
hodgepodge~fatras
gnat's~gnat's
regain~reconquérir
pastoral's~de pastorale
loyalty~fidélité
dachas~dachas
dishevelling~dishevelling
Woods's~Woods de
Carnap~Carnap
Zoroastrianism's~zoroastrisme de
pornographic~pornographique
impreciseness~imprécision
Whistler's~Whistler de
marginals~marginaux
goblet~goblet
notebook~carnet
Alejandra~Alejandra
suitors~soupirants
immorality's~l'immoralité de
mere's~simples de
summerhouse~maison d'été
foodie's~foodie's
crowdfunds~crowdfunds
swelters~houles
Conrail~conrail
turkey~dinde
vaping~vaping
internee~interné
acquisitively~le biais d'acquisition
unfortunate~malheureux
cacophonous~cacophonique
MSG's~MSG
Sassoon~Sassoon
perfecta's~Perfecta de
stopover~escale
muted~en sourdine
Crane~Grue
actualise~actualiser
airplay~airplay
submarines~sous-marins
Kans~Kans
socialisation's~la socialisation de
azure~Azur
Smokey's~Smokey
cloak's~manteau de
roustabout~débardeur
agreeableness's~de agreeableness
polemical~polémique
track's~des pistes
nuclear~nucléaire
emblazonment~emblazonment
proportionate~proportionné
blab's~Années Blab
technologist's~technologue de
statistical~statistique
horrid~affreux
unbuckled~débouclée
pricier~plus coûteux
Bridgette's~Bridgette de
frank~frank
looms~métiers à tisser
emblematically~emblematically
vitalising~vitalisant
like's~aime
cites~cite
affably~affabilité
stopple~stopple
hinterland~arrière-pays
enlisted~enlisted
patient's~les patients
stadium's~stade de
fanboys~fanboys
optometry's~de l'optométrie
flagellated~flagellated
unanimous~unanime
downstairs~downstairs
Cantor~Chantre
haunch's~Années jarrets
recollection~souvenir
chancellor's~chancelier
flog~flog
unexposed~non impressionnés
hornblende~hornblende
Amber's~ambre de
phenom~Phenom
hydroelectricity's~de l'hydroélectricité
depleted~depleted
institutionalising~institutionnalisation de
universally~universellement
vessel~navire
reportage~reportage
blob's~blob de
ancientness's~de ancientness
unremitting~inlassable
osiers~osiers
pet's~animaux domestiques
valise's~portemanteau de
kaleidoscope's~kaléidoscope de
didgeridoos~didgeridoos
playacting~simagrées
repleting~repleting
fleshed~fleshed
fatwas~fatwas
tack~clouer
impales~empale
ringgit's~ringgit de
dishrag~dishrag
proposing~proposer
spends~passe
spirituality's~de la spiritualité
reechoed~retentissaient
abrasive's~abrasifs de
derelict~derelict
Brahms~Brahms
operative~opératoire
oracle's~oracle de
capaciousness~capaciousness
impaling~empalement
interdicting~interceptant
Moises~Moises
polity~régime politique
quahogs~quahogs
secondarily~deuxièmement
Constable's~Constable
brights's~Années Brillants
Issac's~Issac de
fastener~fastener
comprehensive~complet
Bertrand~Bertrand
veterinarians~vétérinaires
loges~loges
cadges~cadges
hall's~hall's
sliver~mèche
vacillated~vacillé
seamless~sans couture
coyest~coyest
imminently~imminente
Jaxartes~Jaxartes
explosion's~explosion's
lingual~lingual
taus~taus
ferments~ferments
Dolby~Dolby
metacarpus~métacarpe
pointlessness's~de futilité
Bluetooth~Bluetooth
partings~séparations
Alphonse~Alphonse
effectuates~effectuates
chambers~chambres
land~terre
crannies~crannies
ellipsoid~ellipsoid
umiak~umiak
diverged~diverged
suckering~épamprage
battery's~La batterie de
alkalies~alkalis
Seiko~Seiko
orchestration's~orchestration de
reconditions~reconditionne
shithead~connard
Togo's~Togo de
stalemates~sortir d'une impasse
caffeine~caféine
uncalled~non appelé
camel~chameau
moneymaking's~de gagner de l'argent
bands~bandes
biodiversity~biodiversité
stub~bout
prizefighting's~de la boxe professionnelle
futurology's~futurology's
exoneration's~exoneration's
samplers~échantillonneurs
unsteady~instable
renaissances~renaissances
parlay~réemployer
Shikoku~Shikoku
promontories~promontoires
glassful~glassful
concepts~concepts
blacklegs~briseurs de grève
laughingstock~risée
canyon~canyon
scallion's~oignons verts
settles~installe
Zane's~Zane de
Olenek~Olenek
cardiologist~cardiologue
genocide's~genocide's
dhotis~dhotis
Firefox~Firefox
scabbard~fourreau
Kitakyushu~Kitakyushu
miraculously~miraculeusement
Christmastide~christmastide
Balanchine's~Balanchine
milliard's~de milliards
mottles~marbrures
ochre~ocre
cajoled~cajolé
emulsion's~emulsion's
hypotheses~hypothèses
alkali's~alcali de
padding's~de rembourrage
sample's~échantillon de
impiousness's~impiété de
Oder's~Oder de
doctor~doctor
massage's~de massage
jackrabbits~jackrabbits
shrike~pie-grièche
grumblers~grumblers
merges~fusions
idolisation~sacralisation
Pythagoras~Pythagoras
rutabaga~rutabaga
incalculable~incalculable
feeblest~feeblest
velocity's~de vitesse
biodegrade~biodégrader
Leonardo~Leonardo
megaphone~porte-voix
Chris~Chris
sickeningly~écoeurante
divisions~divisions
finale's~finale's
lapsing~péremption
tipper's~benne de
canticles~cantiques
Scythian's~scythe de
bummed~dégouté
vaudevillian~vaudevillian
collage's~collage de
coulees~coulees
habitable~habitable
Julianne~Julianne
Koch~Koch
titbit's~Années Titbit
Becker~Becker
clergywoman's~de clergywoman
swathe~envelopper
messaged~messaged
imprint's~empreinte de
lug's~de patte
topsail~hunier
tilts~inclinaisons
Eton's~Eton de
dicker~dicker
ulster~Ulster
trolleybus's~de trolleybus
hedonism's~hédonisme de
weaver's~tisserand de
fantasising~fantasising
Honecker's~Honecker de
crypt~crypt
sidle~marcher de côté
excavated~excavated
caterpillar's~les chenilles
coifs~cornette
mike~Mike
grandchild~grandchild
novella's~Années novella
redeposited~redéposer
misdone~misdone
cheapskate's~de radin
vulgariser's~vulgarisateur de
notches~encoches
Christoper~Christoper
casting's~de coulée
Starbucks~Starbucks
amount's~les montants
convexity's~convexity's
quipster~quipster
subliminally~subliminale
daily's~daily's
Vonda~Vonda
fleshly~fleshly
begat~engendrèrent
flyable~flyable
Paramount's~Paramount
birthrates~taux de natalité
barfly's~Barfly de
panhandler's~de panhandler
Reaganomics~Reaganomics
servicewomen~femmes militaires
smokehouses~fumoirs
Basel's~Bâle de
Frieda~Frieda
German's~Allemands
raped~violé
monarchist's~de monarchiste
Bataan~Bataan
Amerasian's~Années amérasiens
Anabaptist~anabaptiste
pungency's~de âcreté
penfriends~penfriends
troth's~troth de
servant's~serviteur
mournfulness~mournfulness
ritualised~ritualisée
Asquith~Asquith
capitalism~capitalisme
ageing's~vieillit
Capistrano's~Capistrano de
resole~ressemeler
collaborating~collaboration
Pulaski~Pulaski
telethon~Téléthon
arbitration's~arbitrage de
monopolising~monopolisation
grasping~grasping
scowl's~froncement de sourcils de
Hal's~Hal de
congeals~congèle
inconsideration's~de étourderie
Paulette~Paulette
cosmopolitans~cosmopolitans
ism~doctrine
nitpicker's~de nitpicker
foundling~foundling
Abner's~Abner de
imbibed~imbibées
infests~infeste
CD's~CD
Rickey's~Rickey de
Wagner~Wagner
bulimia's~de boulimie
philharmonic~philharmonique
stippling's~piqueté de
touristic~touristique
sadistically~sadiquement
artlessness's~de ingénuité
jaywalker~piéton indiscipliné
Durkheim's~Durkheim
sickest~plus malades
hogsheads~muids
skateboard~planche à roulette
measureless~measureless
epsilon's~epsilon's
pluming~pluming
syndicates~syndicats
polite~poli
hairstyles~hairstyles
consecration's~consécration de
stoppled~stoppled
rusts~rouilles
cubes~cubes
webinar~séminaire en ligne
gumshoed~gumshoed
reactivates~réactive
okaying~okaying
eider's~eider's
leadership's~Le leadership de
unclogging~décolmatage
intrusion~intrusion
staved~staved
screw~vis
hunky~Hunky
snickering~petit hennissement
earnests~earnests
tempts~Tempts
golfer~golfer
Wilcox~Wilcox
overexertion's~de overexertion
saccharin~saccharine
xerography~xérographie
Nicaragua's~Nicaragua de
musicological~musicologique
pretrials~conférences préparatoires
resurgence~réapparition
Brahmanism~brahmanisme
whining~gémissements
cerebellum's~cervelet de
balloon's~des ballons
taxiways~taxiways
Portugal~Portugal
colourfully~colorfully
simulated~simulé
musicale~musicale
recessed~évidée
neglectful~négligent
over's~plus de
groundnut~groundnut
soundscapes~soundscapes
cub~cub
promote~promouvoir
dooryard~dooryard
Zelma~Zelma
Antoine~Antoine
variegate~variegate
appetite's~L'appétit
freshener's~freshener's
topography's~La topographie
patent~brevet
Winston~Winston
pout~moue
ace's~as de
Xi'an's~Xi'an de
Angeles's~Angeles de
mayflower~fleur de mai
aesthetic~esthétique
malaise~malaise
digerati's~digerati's
spaghetti's~spaghettis de
Angeline's~Angeline
sissier~sissier
diplomat's~diplomat's
foregoing~foregoing
redesigns~refontes
allegedly~prétendument
hyperventilating~hyperventilation
Merino~Mérinos
poles~pôles
intestate~intestat
opalescent~opalescent
gnomish~gnomish
cross's~cross's
Trafalgar's~Trafalgar de
galosh~galosh
overkill~surpuissant
sleazeballs~sleazeballs
callowest~callowest
monstrosity~monstruosité
pinko~Pinko
preform~préforme
chicken~poulet
digestion~digestion
circuitousness's~de détours
intervals~intervalles
charlady~femme de ménage
restlessness's~de l'agitation
stagflation~stagflation
stylist~styliste
splendour's~splendeur de
finned~finned
mesmeriser's~magnétiseur de
caliper~étrier
bookkeeper's~teneur de livres de
hyper~hyper
infix~infix
namedrop~Namedrop
doorstepping~doorstepping
scrubbers~laveurs
ciphers~chiffrements
Nashua's~Nashua de
megapixel~mégapixels
archaeologists~archéologues
minted~monnayé
Humberto~Humberto
husker~décortiqueur
Molly~Molly
lassitude's~de lassitudes
racier~racier
synonymy~synonymie
swivelled~pivotée
spaciness~spaciness
Portland~Portland
witlessly~witlessly
mobilises~mobilise
paleness~pâleur
Borden~Borden
Henderson's~Henderson
coveys~coveys
Vulg~vulg
Flathead~Flathead
vigilance~vigilance
overoptimistic~trop optimistes
throbs~palpite
stipulates~stipule
cedars~cèdres
taximeters~taximètres
Pocahontas's~Années Pocahontas
perishers~Perishers
retarders~ralentisseurs
brick~brique
Bourbons~Bourbons
bloodiness's~bloodiness de
reminiscence's~de réminiscence
Myron's~Myron de
subversive~subversif
unvarying~invariables
yuletide~Yuletide
secretaries~secrétaires
Man's~L'homme de
bland~fade
left's~gauche de
hypoglycemia~hypoglycémie
Tsiolkovsky~Tsiolkovski
accomplice's~complice de
untiring~infatigables
tunneller's~de tunnelier
treasurers~trésoriers
twopences~twopences
tumours~tumeurs
albacores~Albacore
Lassen~Lassen
geophysicists~geophysicists
saturnine~saturnien
irreplaceable~irremplaçable
crow~crow
bilge's~cale de
sanctuary~sanctuaire
coaled~coaled
structural~de construction
LLD's~LLD de
wonderfulness's~de wonderfulness
inferred~inférées
salvages~Salvages
by's~par son
Protestantism's~Le protestantisme de
Monsignor~Monseigneur
emperors~emperors
intendeds~intendeds
betrothed~fiancé
impassable~infranchissable
Lazaro's~Lazaro de
underachievers~underachievers
debutantes~debutantes
overtiring~surmener
chem~chem
dipsomania~dipsomania
panellist~panéliste
enduring~enduring
infliction's~infliction de
shareholding~participation
draughtboards~draughtboards
prated~Pnom
quoit~palet
iced~glacé
clutter~désordre
elocutionist's~elocutionist's
fattiest~fattiest
Loki~Loki
gammon's~gammon's
accurateness~exactitude
shiv's~Années Shiv
Tums~Tums
Rorschach's~rorschach de
staircases~escaliers
carbuncles~furoncles
constrict~serrer
Eritreans~Érythréens
loos~loos
absurdness~absurdness
Visayans's~Années Visayans
Angelou's~Angelou de
blowing~soufflage
Tommy's~Tommy
inns~auberges
Amman's~Amman de
connector~connecteur
shellacs~shellacs
restraint~retenue
guaranteeing~guaranteeing
yellowish~jaunâtre
eeriness's~eeriness's
zenned~zenned
floats~floats
keyboarder's~keyboarder de
bonier~Bonier
scrawling~griffonner
ark~arche
inspiriting~inspirateur
Sarah~Sarah
squires~Squires
chortling~gloussant
Tintoretto~Tintoret
toucan~toucan
berated~réprimandé
Web's~de Web
Louisianans~Louisianais
clapperboard~clapperboard
diked~diked
whorehouse~bordel
sprinted~sprinté
Malay's~malaise de
ermines~ermines
ineptitude's~ineptie de
Mouthe~Mouthe
brazing~brasage
carload's~de wagons complets
tackler's~plaqueur de
predicament's~situation de
boneyard~ossuaire
evades~evades
Izmir~Izmir
drawn~drawn
newsboy~vendeur de journaux
lips~lèvres
velour~velour
clothespin~pince à linge
haphazardness~haphazardness
ridgepoles~ridgepoles
quirks~bizarreries
cut~cut
consistency's~la cohérence de
treacly~sirupeux
intercepting~interception
neurotransmitter~neurotransmetteur
assume~assumer
exponents~exponents
guests~guests
dotcoms~dotcoms
gasket's~gasket's
revamping~revamping
Khalid's~Khalid de
refineries~raffineries
Barclays~Barclays
antiquating~antiquating
carcinogen's~cancérigène de
starveling's~starveling de
tomato~tomate
solvents~solvants
mummification's~de momification
malefactor~malfaiteur
defrayed~defrayed
underscore~souligner
hoisted~hissés
underprivileged~déshérité
cafeteria's~cafétéria de
draw~draw
reformatory's~de réformatrices
geniuses~geniuses
preemptively~préventivement
FSF's~FSF de
greatness's~greatness's
languidness's~de langueurs
anchovies~anchois
vends~Vends
trampolined~trampolined
breeziest~breeziest
granddaughter's~granddaughter's
reversions~réversions
pus's~chat
beefcake's~beefcake de
fixative's~fixative's
Parcheesi~parcheesi
palliate~pallier
salami's~salami de
Cabot's~Cabot
mange~gale
leg's~jambes
pounce's~Traquenard de
codfish~morues
shoddiness's~de shoddiness
noon's~midi de
supervise~superviser
standing's~est debout
insidiousness's~insidieuses de
plushiest~plushiest
petrodollar~pétrodollar
imagoes~imagos
septuagenarian's~septuagénaire de
tussles~tussles
auscultated~auscultation
Salado~Salado
misogynists~misogynes
Caligula~Caligula
nowt~nowt
Olivia~Olivia
disenfranchises~disenfranchises
feign~feign
necessities~première nécessité
Abram's~Abram
deceptiveness's~deceptiveness's
apologist~apologiste
bandeaux~bandeaux
hydrogen's~un atome d'hydrogène de
nascence's~nascence de
postmaster's~maître de poste de
wardrobe~garde-robe
mantoes~mantoes
fandango~fandango
Gorgas~Gorgas
capsuled~capsulé
Pliny's~Pline
polios~Polios
louses~poux
Pinyin~pinyin
ridge~crête
unionist's~unioniste de
meliorates~meliorates
wreathing~ficelage
stoneware~grès
actualities~actualités
Belgium~la Belgique
enshrining~enshrining
Buddhism~bouddhisme
reanimate~ranimer
Diaghilev's~Diaghilev
footrest~footrest
sparkle~éclat
google's~google's
motherhood's~de la maternité
befouls~souille
chocked~calées
Ypsilanti's~Ypsilanti de
gourde's~gourde's
profanations~profanations
teleworkers~télétravailleurs
conjuring~prestidigitation
resprayed~resprayed
tamp~tasser
fondants~fondants
bandsman~musicien
alchemy~alchimie
crosshatch~crosshatch
deftly~deftly
dribbling~dribbling
Tunis~Tunis
sender~expéditeur
gaucheness's~gaucheness's
reworked~retravaillé
actualises~actualise
inability~incapacité
diffuse~diffuse
sparkling~pétillant
Georgia~Géorgie
interprets~interprète
havoc's~des ravages de
Oregonian's~Années Oregonian
Kenyan~kényen
invert~inverser
matriarch~matrone
tolerable~tolérable
Boltzmann's~Boltzmann
Thutmose's~Thoutmosis de
falsetto's~falsetto's
activity's~activité de
reelection~réélection
Gaelic~gaélique
kindness's~la bonté de
barmier~barmier
psychopaths~psychopathes
extricate~extricate
pummel~bourrer de coups
internationalists~internationalistes
homeostasis's~homéostasie de
honeymooned~voyage de noces
jogs~jogs
Essene's~essénienne de
softcover~couverture souple
terminally~terminale
cession~la cession
hammertoes~hammertoes
disinclination's~disinclination's
memento's~memento de
Carolinian~carolinienne
refrain~refrain
numismatists~numismates
beehives~ruchers
masterfully~magistralement
vending~vente
metallurgy's~la métallurgie du
Scranton~Scranton
Roberta~Roberta
vigilantism~vigilantism
dormancy's~dormancy's
noisiest~plus bruyant
bantered~bantered
dreamily~dreamily
Tammy's~Tammy de
supermarket's~supermarchés
stretched~étiré
anatomic~anatomique
samizdats~samizdats
projection~projection
exurbanite~exurbanite
evillest~evillest
courageousness's~courageousness's
octets~octets
chunk's~morceau de
lobotomy's~de lobotomie
writhes~tord
bogeyman's~croque-mitaine de
Son~Fils
Jaime~Jaime
conflagration~incendie
humanities~sciences humaines
vibraharp~vibraharp
raceme~racème
perturbing~troublant
mid~milieu
MIDI~MIDI
burglars~cambrioleurs
unreachable~injoignable
overbalances~overbalances
dinosaurs~dinosaurs
sleeked~sleeked
eccentricities~eccentricities
unseemly~inconvenant
itchiness~itchiness
Judah's~Juda de
Arnhem~Arnhem
vibrators~vibrateurs
ethnicity's~ethnicity's
tapping~tapotement
Aryan's~Années aryens
controversy~controversy
shay~shay
Stefan's~Stefan
mockery's~moquerie de
bureaucratised~bureaucratisé
stepchildren~beaux-enfants
coalescence~fusion
Young~Jeune
honour~honneur
creationist~creationist
Luann's~Luann de
cowcatcher~cowcatcher
Rolando's~Rolando de
earls~earls
moussakas~moussaka
recidivists~récidive
explain~explain
succubus~succube
impish~espiègle
Phoebe~Phoebe
topees~topees
Abraham~Abraham
Rizal~Rizal
petrodollar's~pétrodollar de
timepiece~montre
Simenon's~Simenon
Frenchwomen's~Années françaises
uncharitably~charitablement
Gabonese~gabonais
Glass~Verre
chatroom~tchat
kill~tuer
Rastafarian~rastafari
unchains~déchaîne
bioethics~bioéthique
wonderland's~pays des merveilles de
volunteer's~bénévoles
tango's~tango années
prurience's~de lubricité
goofballs~goofballs
hirsute~hirsute
Hammond's~Hammond
regress~régresser
Louise~Louise
Adidas~Adidas
fifers~fifers
ferromagnetic~ferromagnetic
data~data
bards~bardes
cataract's~la cataracte de
vino's~Années vino
cicerones~cicerones
doe's~doe's
reciprocal's~réciproques de
eggplant's~eggplant's
scrimmage~mêlée
Kazakhstan~Kazakhstan
pouring~verser
jimmy's~jimmy de
angstrom~Angstrom
Sherpa's~Sherpa
UHF~UHF
triumvir~triumvir
imago's~imago de
Kristie~Kristie
doxologies~doxologies
haunted~hanté
malignity's~de malignité
clonked~clonked
flatulent~flatulent
trumpeter~trompette
numbering~numérotage
redefining~Redéfinir
paralysis~paralysie
toilette~toilette
Conakry's~Conakry de
restorers~restaurateurs
indignity's~de l'indignité
praiseworthy~digne d'éloges
jowlier~jowlier
hellhole~hellhole
visitations~visitations
Greece~Grèce
rumbas~rumbas
witticism~trait d'esprit
dove's~dove's
Siva~Siva
Marley's~Marley
psychedelically~psychédéliques
sockeye's~le saumon rouge du
Vera's~Véra
skylarked~skylarked
subprofessionals~subprofessionals
recreation's~de loisirs
dedicator's~dedicator's
Tupi~Tupi
dishy~dishy
saxes~saxos
innovates~innove
Apalachicola~Apalachicola
Jarrod's~Jarrod de
firer~firer
deplanes~deplanes
alfalfa~luzerne
trefoils~trèfles
duff's~duff's
gutlessness~gutlessness
pincer's~tenailles
shrimp~crevette
Missouri~Missouri
lusciously~lascivement
standstills~arrêts
archivist~archiviste
close~Fermer
hyena~hyène
cheroots~cigarillos
trainload's~de trainload
monogamist~monogame
fructose~fructose
decapitator~decapitator
FORTRAN~FORTRAN
felicitations~felicitations
clogging~colmatage
carhops~Carhops
download's~download's
psephologist~psephologist
Brokaw~Brokaw
unclean~impur
carrycots~couffins
suffixed~suffixé
Yalow~Yalow
chairlift~télésiège
miniaturists~miniaturistes
gags~gags
publicist's~publiciste de
Chomsky~Chomsky
awesome~impressionnant
animation~animation
misc~divers
adversely~négativement
committed~engagé
undesirable's~de indésirables
Roman~romain
shuck~cosse
ballerina~ballerine
neutron~neutron
technicality's~de détail technique
uncleanliest~uncleanliest
biopsied~biopsié
tweeter~haut-parleur
bewails~se lamente
tapes~bandes
plutocratic~ploutocratique
contradiction's~contradiction's
syndicating~syndicataire
commendable~louable
giveback~giveback
hassocks~poufs
observer~observateur
cross~cross
auxin's~de auxine
Glasgow's~Glasgow de
dandifying~dandifying
breviary's~bréviaire de
ware~marchandises
demagogues~demagogues
demoralisation's~demoralisation's
Aisha's~Aisha de
argumentativeness~argumentativeness
Samarkand~Samarkand
pampas's~de pampa
dummies~dummies
example's~example's
giggly~giggly
venerates~vénère
homers~autoguidage
minibar~mini-bar
sleepyheads~dormeurs
multitask~multitask
workroom~salle de travail
bounteous~généreux
coed's~Années Coed
developed~developed
squealed~glapit
conduction~conduction
boogeyman's~Boogeyman de
dewiness~dewiness
Alaskans~Alaskiens
trajectory~trajectoire
sultrily~sultrily
uprising~soulèvement
denuding~denuding
deferring~deferring
bowling's~le bowling de
Nanette's~Nanette de
arousal~éveil
charily~charily
joyous~joyeux
antiabortionist~antiabortionist
grins~grins
roll~rouleau
coaxing~câlin
Carnegie's~Carnegie
Adele's~Adele
clockworks~clockworks
Pomeranian's~Années Poméranie
considering~considérant
aliases~alias
inarticulateness~inarticulateness
brewpub's~de brewpub
Hermite's~Hermite de
referring~référant
centralisers~centralisateurs
cartography's~la cartographie de
fear's~fear's
guides~guides
bowdlerises~bowdlerises
Goodwill's~L'écart d'acquisition de
synergistic~synergique
lechers~paillards
competitors~concurrents
Darwin's~Darwin
showoffs~showoffs
castanets~castagnettes
descant~descant
teleportation~téléportation
millrace~bief
syllable's~syllabe de
tuba~tuba
Ac~Ac
nonflammable~ininflammable
horsehair~crinière de cheval
warmhearted~chaleureux
kooks~Kooks
approval~approbation
lionisation~lionisation
university~Université
sibyls~sibylles
underexposes~underexposes
ejaculation's~ejaculation's
yellowness~couleur jaune
Annette's~Annette
vagary~caprice
skedaddles~skedaddles
transcription's~transcription de
debriefed~debriefed
formulator's~formulator's
trivet~trépied
nailbrushes~brosses à ongles
snorters~renifleurs
derriere's~derriere's
Niagara~Niagara
amercements~amercements
inebriate~enivrer
ordinate's~coordonner de
Mitsubishi~Mitsubishi
employ~employ
remaking~refondation
disposition~disposition
untiringly~infatigablement
Bernays~Bernays
fury~fury
Hull's~Hull de
Lully's~Lully
romanticism's~du romantisme
spender's~dépensier de
gollies~gollies
howitzers~obusiers
normalise~normaliser
AP's~AP de
lustier~lustier
meet's~se rencontre
dickey's~dickey's
prevailing~régnant
monastic~monastique
enmity~enmity
crib's~crib's
Freemason~franc maçon
recooks~recooks
sedge~carex
broadside~bordée
breed~race
courted~courted
Chekhov~Tchekhov
detoxing~detoxing
Boole's~Boole de
presages~présages
Heyerdahl's~Heyerdahl de
whispering~chuchotement
monsoonal~moussons
eve~eve
windup's~windup de
Bellow's~Soufflet
pulpit's~chaire de
jolted~secoués
overbalance's~de perdre l'équilibre
karma~karma
daiquiri~daiquiri
salivary~salivaire
Belize's~Belize de
Eleazar~Eleazar
misbegotten~illégitime
gig~gig
benefited~bénéficié
selectmen~selectmen
yip's~Yip de
unaccompanied~non accompagné
stitch~point
clownish~ballot
experimental~experimental
unprecedentedly~unprecedentedly
behind~derrière
ply's~plis de
Rachelle~Rachelle
clotted~coagulé
Gargantua~Gargantua
Hanna~Hanna
peso's~peso
tentacle~tentacule
Billings's~Billings de
Platonist's~platonicien de
pitfall~piège
urge's~envie de
regularises~régularise
underpayment's~de moins-payés
wife~femme
noodle's~nouilles
mecca's~haut lieu de
Doha~Doha
partake~prendre part à
hedge~haie
checked~vérifié
upstate's~nord de l'État de
pooing~pooing
boombox~boombox
recharters~recharters
misapplications~mauvaise application
Brian~Brian
jaywalkers~midinettes
Vespucci's~Vespucci de
rusty~rouillé
chamomiles~camomilles
creakiest~creakiest
Bryce~Bryce
tableau~tableau
clunked~clunked
rheumatics~rhumatismaux
natal~natal
cancan~cancan
Carter's~Carter
she'd~cabanon
Lessie's~lessie de
hungry~affamé
Copley~Copley
sleekest~sleekest
contradistinction's~contradistinction's
beaker~gobelet
knolls~buttes
backgammon~jacquet
crammed~crammed
engram~engram
curricular~curricular
crotch's~crotch's
Dial~Cadran
explosive's~explosive's
forget~forget
gearshift~gearshift
Taurus~Taureau
Urey~Urey
roves~rouve
concertised~concertised
gossiped~gossiped
Idahoan~Idahoan
quenchless~inextinguible
enforces~enforces
stink's~pue de
thesis~thèse
populism~populisme
seaweed~algue
chillingly~effroyablement
veils~voiles
untimeliness's~inopportunité de
macro~macro
swishing~bruissement
snickered~ricana
infallibility~infaillibilité
bonnets~bonnets
sedated~sous sédation
greasepaint~greasepaint
Oracle~Oracle
palomino~palomino
morons~crétins
Francisca's~Francisca de
commercialised~commercialisé
clinker's~de clinker
peerage's~pairie de
clifftops~clifftops
glared~glared
lumbered~pesamment
Fizeau's~Fizeau de
sadly~Malheureusement
emerald's~emerald's
twinkling's~de scintillantes
Osaka~Osaka
maces~massues
colourways~coloriages
contribute~contribute
unrepentant~impénitent
Mannheim's~Mannheim de
hoosegow~hoosegow
malapropisms~malapropisms
ancestors~les ancêtres
narrate~raconter
Minsky's~Minsky
craps's~craps's
monoclonal~monoclonal
rebinding~reconsolidation
twinkle~scintillement
flagmen~flagmen
radioactive~radioactif
misdeals~misdeals
tenuring~tenure
Reginae's~reginae de
impoliteness~impolitesse
skiffle~skiffle
postmasters~postmasters
averting~Averting
descends~descends
traditionalists~traditionalistes
sweatshop~ateliers de misère
ignobly~ignoblement
certitude~certitude
kroner~kroner
borscht's~bortsch de
unacceptable~inacceptable
ball~ballon
Stefanie~Stefanie
Scot's~Écossais
thousandfold~multiplié par mille
lippy~lippy
webinars~webinaires
haploid~haploid
aftermath~conséquences
ossifies~ossifie
purportedly~supposément
Appaloosa~Appaloosa
Hessian's~Années hessois
abscessed~abscessed
implacable~implacable
arbitrageurs~arbitragistes
climbed~grimpé
ecclesiastically~ecclesiastically
sawdust's~sciure de
Netflix~Netflix
lineage~lignée
forever~forever
phonying~phonying
winder~remontoir
chitin's~de chitine
stingers~dards
memo~note
arson~incendie volontaire
Knowles~Knowles
glucose~glucose
exalting~exalting
retain~conserver
saltiness's~de salure
garb's~garb's
effectuated~effectuated
viciousness~méchanceté
facilitating~facilitating
contrariness's~contrariness's
hungered~affamé
bullhorns~mégaphones
stagecraft~mise en scène
litterbug's~de punaise
inpatient~malade hospitalisé
drills~drills
outpaced~distancé
stouts~stouts
gauntlets~gauntlets
motorcars~automobiles
bouffant~bouffant
monarchism~monarchisme
trivialities~trivialités
abundances~abondances
Evangelist~Évangéliste
rewrites~réécritures
Jinnah~Jinnah
brokenly~par à-coups
adversary~adversaire
ureters~uretères
conscious~conscient
earbud's~earbud's
railroader~Cheminot
fairways~fairways
ceremoniousness~cérémonial
euphoria's~euphoria's
using~en utilisant
herewith~ci-joint
sclerosis's~la sclérose de
map's~carte de
wicks~les mèches
belated~tardif
Omar's~Omar
scoffing~railleur
indiscriminately~sans discrimination
bin~poubelle
periodical's~de périodiques
jumper's~cavalier de
evangelistic~evangelistic
stocky~trapu
cardiopulmonary~cardio-pulmonaire
wart's~verrue de
captioning~sous-titrage
luckiest~chanceux
letter~lettre
nurselings~nurselings
trespass's~intrusion de
Halloweens~halloweens
ferries~ferries
dahlias~dahlias
modicum's~minimum de
banister~rampe
caricaturists~caricaturistes
musicality's~la musicalité de
glamorise~glamorise
Medea~Médée
mandolin~mandoline
synthesise~synthèse
boars~sangliers
brad~clou de tapissier
granola~granola
asunder~en morceaux
camcorders~caméscopes
Brock's~Brock
holier~plus saint
hire~louer
scatterings~éparpillements
prefer~préférer
spermicidal~spermicide
hokes~Hokes
mullet~mulet
Camille's~Camille
sixfold~sextuple
devotee's~devotee's
striptease's~strip-tease de
trough~creux
shavings~copeaux
alcohol's~de l'alcool
betel's~Années bétel
innersole~innersole
repaying~rembourser
barrages~barrages
Deon's~Deon de
campanile's~campanile de
EC~CE
racketeers~racketteurs
understudies~understudies
muster's~rassembler de
inscribers~inscribers
victuals~vivres
fucks~fucks
bastion~bastion
chippings~gravillon
executives~executives
maker~fabricant
snowballing~boule de neige
Kenneth's~Kenneth de
Horne's~Horne
fops~fops
plankton~plancton
laity's~laïcs de
Cebu~Cebu
evergreen~evergreen
aspic~gelée
polarities~polarités
unconditional~inconditionnel
granges~granges
prodigies~prodiges
tenderfoot's~de tenderfoot
drowning~drowning
file's~file's
sugarplum's~sugarplum de
midtown~Midtown
tenors~ténors
isolationism~isolationnisme
sprigged~sprigged
jetport~jetport
Reading~En train de lire
Rosicrucian's~Rosicruciens
carrot's~carottes
deafest~deafest
staunchness~fermeté
zenith~zénith
deviousness~deviousness
streetwise~Streetwise
wait's~attendre de
Allyson's~Allyson de
initiating~initiation
inkstand's~de écritoire
underdevelopment's~du sous-développement
proneness's~de proneness
singsonging~singsonging
sphinx's~sphynx de
gypsters~gypsters
weakling's~de gringalet
corrosive's~corrosive's
gunfighter's~gunfighter's
Eroses~Eroses
bushy~broussailleux
worsted's~peignée de
xi~xi
Vela~Vela
copiousness~copiousness
arithmeticians~arithméticiens
rooftops~toits
corner~corner
toque's~Toque de
brutishness~stupidité
canonisation~canonisation
overdrives~overdrive
spiked~hérissé
harpists~harpistes
Cessna's~Cessna
superscribe~suscrire
Kruger's~Kruger
relish's~relish de
Aquafresh's~Aquafresh de
Atari's~Atari
catchwords~vocables
taxes~taxes
tundra's~de la toundra
ancients~anciens
knife's~Le couteau
spending~dépenses
clavier~Clavecin
preserver's~préservateur de
critically~critically
alts~alts
trumps~atouts
piddly~piddly
gruellingly~gruellingly
blusters~fanfaron
sanitariums~sanatoriums
opportunism~opportunisme
gentrification~gentrification
scanner's~le scanner
rephotographing~rephotographiant
defectiveness~defectiveness
dub~dub
falser~falser
uninjured~indemne
Moscow's~Moscou de
wintergreen's~Wintergreen de
spotlight~projecteur
whomever~quiconque
dubbin~dubbin
lark's~alouette de
denim's~denim's
bluejackets~bluejackets
amicability's~de amabilité
glum~glum
beckon~Beckon
exchange~exchange
skein~écheveau
overstated~surévalué
loam's~de limon
ecologist~ecologist
unsatisfactorily~non satisfaisante
sideswipes~sideswipes
intersperses~entremêle
Alberta's~Alberta de
psyche~psyché
lag's~ce décalage
caste~caste
Herefords~herefords
overdub's~Années overdub
Capetian's~Années capétiens
Osborne's~Osborne
judders~A-coups
geopolitics~geopolitics
gyms~gyms
deadwood's~deadwood's
liberality~libéralité
LSD's~LSD de
Coloradoan~Coloradoan
plunderer's~de pilleur
tendril~vrille
denouncing~denouncing
Kashmir's~Cachemire de
firetruck's~firetruck's
mousy~timide
scorch's~Scorch de
paraplegia's~Années paraplégie
suitableness~suitableness
quickly~rapidement
Lester~Lester
Madeira~Madère
stomacher~stomacher
efface~efface
nonelectric~non électriques
drawbridges~drawbridges
planked~planked
souk~Souk
welshers~welshers
agglomerations~agglomérations
purposes~fins
zero's~zéros
librarianship~bibliothéconomie
disguises~disguises
vaulting's~de vaulting
lubriciously~lubriquement
viaduct's~viaduc de
sic~sic
piling~empilant
wordings~formulations
tetras~tétras
stenographic~sténographique
scorner~contempteur
perukes~perruques
slaw's~salade de chou de
booties~bottillons
Arctic~Arctique
suppurates~suppure
corruptest~corruptest
deviancy's~deviancy's
pathologists~pathologistes
eulogistic~eulogistic
mussy~Mussy
recorder's~enregistreur de
standardised~standardisé
safflowers~safflowers
Gatorade~Gatorade
overwintering~hivernant
testates~testates
installers~installateurs
awestruck~stupéfaits
statutory~statutaire
confabulation~confabulation
solicit~solliciter
prattle's~Années babil
pleasing~plaisant
Benedict's~Benedict
shimming~shimming
narcotise~narcotise
Koontz's~Koontz de
launching~lancement
Ashe's~Cendres
mikado~mikado
deadbeat~deadbeat
scarab's~scarabée de
tricked~dupé
interbreeding~métissages
wheeled~à roues
Brigitte~Brigitte
electrification~electrification
autumn~l'automne
Ayrshire~Ayrshire
adulatory~adulateur
tetrameter~tétramètre
phrenology~phrénologie
spaced~espacés
detaching~detaching
mailbox's~boîte aux lettres de
invest~investir
Milo's~Milo
lefty's~gauchiste de
oxidisation's~de l'oxydation
minicomputers~mini-ordinateurs
plenipotentiaries~plénipotentiaires
frontages~frontages
selection's~la sélection de
Belinda's~Belinda de
proroguing~prorogation
chunkier~trapues
republishes~republie
Goldman~Goldman
winners~gagnants
package~paquet
nephritis~néphrite
Tajikistan~Tadjikistan
Stine~Stine
Tannhauser~Tannhauser
Terrie's~Terrie de
charlatanry's~de charlatanisme
concision~concision
Cretan~Crète
terming~nommant
purrs~ronronne
singly~séparément
interscholastic~interscolaire
emancipate~emancipate
timeserver's~timeserver de
expertness's~expertness's
liquidated~liquidée
Louvre's~Louvre de
coercion's~de la contrainte
genetics's~genetics's
condemns~Condamne
order~commande
mover's~déménageur de
Hargreaves's~Hargreaves de
ploughshare's~socs de
reaped~moissonné
poltergeists~poltergeists
Sikhism~sikhisme
handstand~handstand
enchaining~enchaining
Genet's~Genet
lust's~la convoitise de
Edison's~Edison
monarch's~monarque de
loaners~loaners
Paar's~Paar de
colleen's~colleen de
complicating~ce qui complique
counterman's~counterman's
bullies~intimidateurs
unity's~l'unité de
repaired~réparé
psychotropic's~psychotrope de
poppies~coquelicots
ingratitude~ingratitude
nicknaming~surnommant
firescreens~firescreens
Drake~Canard
billboard~panneau d'affichage
Kobe's~Kobe de
besom's~besom de
trimmings~garnitures
Delaney's~Delaney de
thirteenth~treizième
damson~damson
fairness~fairness
LibreOffice~LibreOffice
stripper's~de strip-teaseuse
duh~duh
Surat~Surat
scorecard~fiche d'évaluation
phosphorescence's~Années phosphorescence
heroically~héroïquement
overbears~l'emporte sur
groundwater's~groundwater's
growled~growled
beehive's~ruche de
comprehends~comprend précisément
equaliser~equaliser
Golding~Golding
Constitution~Constitution
shrug's~haussant les épaules de
indiscretion~indiscrétion
eugenicist~eugenicist
wiggles~Wiggles
porosity~porosité
ditz's~ditz's
tho~tho
syphilis's~Syphilis de
Cronkite~Cronkite
unattested~unattested
Siegfried's~Siegfried
spongers~pique-assiette
puffball's~Années puffball
scientifically~scientifiquement
reinfection~réinfection
habitues~habitues
Espinoza~Espinoza
Criollo's~Criollo de
parlays~parlays
platooned~platooned
sermons~sermons
racked~embroché
drubber~drubber
sightseer~touriste
Stalingrad~stalingrad
copyrighting~copyrighting
Padilla~Padilla
beaning~beaning
molluscs~mollusques
Blondel~Blondel
capitalistic~capitaliste
woodwork~boiseries
naughtier~naughtier
contorting~contorting
Satanism's~satanisme de
remark~remarque
Audra's~Audra de
multitudinous~innombrable
flextime's~flextime's
Godunov~Godounov
freeloader's~freeloader's
uninhibited~désinhibée
animalcules~animalcules
annually~annuellement
ufologist's~ufologue de
Belushi's~Belushi de
Townsend's~Townsend
dropsical~dropsical
dissonant~dissonant
maharani's~Maharani de
bath~une baignoire
disregarded~disregarded
schmo~schmo
Marina's~Marina de
fresher~fresher
praline's~Années praliné
slot's~de fente
equality's~equality's
jitney~pièce de cinq cents
Chihuahua~Chihuahua
clinics~cliniques
appoints~nomme
nominally~nominalement
fickle~fickle
unfriendlier~unfriendlier
empathise~empathise
obduracy~obstination
prop's~prop de
oriental~Oriental
insomnia~insomnie
underexposure~sous-exposition
rapport~rapport
oaten~Oaten
Kilroy~Kilroy
Somali~somali
Moses's~Années Moïse
conflated~amalgamé
reverberations~réverbérations
rewind's~retour rapide de
demulcent~demulcent
unfitting~unfitting
bouillabaisse's~bouillabaisse de
stippled~stippled
graphology~graphology
hold~tenir
procurable~procurable
tousle~ébouriffer
implement's~met en oeuvre
basin~bassin
individualism's~de l'individualisme
cure's~cure's
Eton~Eton
bib~bavoir
bob's~Bob
chromosome's~du chromosome
Aztec~Aztec
trillions~trillions
Antone~Antone
uncased~uncased
cutout's~cutout's
polisher's~de polisseuse
numbed~engourdi
nonsensical~absurde
callback~rappeler
Mississippians~Mississippians
Utrillo's~Utrillo de
disinheriting~disinheriting
adolescent's~adolescent de
zilch~rien
Anglia~Anglia
peeing~faire pipi
overestimating~surestimant
assumption's~hypothèses
Dillon's~Dillon
equalise~equalise
Marathi~Marathi
procrastinators~procrastinators
Samuel's~Samuel de
shareholder's~actionnaires
palatinate~palatinat
tattered~en lambeaux
bondwoman's~de bondwoman
plights~plights
contrivance's~contrivance's
coon's~coon's
jaguar's~jaguars de
prematurely~prématurément
camouflager's~camouflager de
zinger's~Zinger de
Philippines's~Philippines de
CFO~CFO
enormousness~enormousness
mishandled~mal géré
Bukhara~Boukhara
margin~marge
contemptuousness's~contemptuousness's
oceanfront~en bord de mer
neckline's~encolure de
Robinson~Robinson
arrhythmic~arythmique
Burton's~Burton
shrew~musaraigne
talk~parler
sanctify~sanctifier
Bluetooth's~Bluetooth de
ref~ref
coachloads~coachloads
anonymous~anonyme
dogsleds~dogsleds
diddums~diddums
eviscerates~eviscerates
gunfire~gunfire
attracts~attire
tackling~tacles
contemplated~contemplated
Drambuie~Drambuie
obtain~obtenir
smaller~plus petit
phoenix's~phénix de
risottos~risottos
fertilise~fertilise
hone~aiguiser
opcode~opcode
trotting~trot
catalepsy~catalepsie
whinnying~hennissant
consultation's~consultation's
seemingly~apparemment
genealogies~genealogies
islanders~habitants des îles
motorisation's~de motorisation
piggier~piggier
tittle~iota
sulphurous~sulfureux
Milosevic~Milosevic
Roseann's~Roseann de
officiously~avec un zèle excessif
titian's~titian de
enrapture~enrapture
federation's~federation's
pulsation's~de pulsation
hipbaths~hipbaths
Span~Envergure
Arkwright's~Arkwright de
pagoda's~pagode de
lugsail~voile à corne
OMB~OMB
fundamentalist~fundamentalist
adulthood's~l'âge adulte de
ovary's~ovaire de
Frenchwomen~Françaises
clockwise~dans le sens horaire
debauches~debauches
motorcade's~cortège de voitures de
swordsman~épéiste
tally~pointage
cactus's~Années cactus
mattes~Mattes
subsidisation's~subventions de
parterre~parterre
module~module
Corfu's~Corfou de
cumbrous~cumbrous
comprehension's~la compréhension de
sitter~modèle
saloon's~salon de
megaliths~mégalithes
medians~terre-pleins
headphones~écouteurs
brawls~rixes
cyst~cyst
headless~sans tête
misdirects~mal dirigé
waterfowls~waterfowls
resection~résection
hired~embauché
exhausted~exhausted
lightnings~foudres
UFO~OVNI
Pequot~Pequot
solemnest~solemnest
strip~bande
imprisonment's~emprisonnement de
code~code
disembarkation's~disembarkation's
appaloosa~Appaloosa
dependants~dependants
exams~exams
practicality's~pratique de
spanks~fessées
wifely~wifely
hailstorms~hailstorms
Tlaloc's~Tlaloc de
tonics~fortifiants
horology's~de l'horlogerie
wingless~sans ailes
conservation's~conservation de
bats~chauves-souris
pluralising~pluralisation
scriptural~biblique
centigrams~centigrammes
Ofelia's~Ofelia de
strategists~stratégistes
grape's~grape's
erode~erode
Cyprus's~Chypre de
tendon~tendon
Francophile~francophiles
jeweller's~bijouterie
deviltries~deviltries
loafs~miches
nurseries~pépinières
Vince's~Vince de
frostier~frostier
dignifying~dignifying
unmentionables~dessous
tarsus~tarse
perpetration~perpétration
hoodoo's~de Hoodoo
slope's~de pente
chaos~le chaos
dietetic~dietetic
hotcake's~gâteaux chauds
Wendell's~Wendell de
retraces~retrace
foundry's~foundry's
Nathaniel's~Nathaniel
woefulness~woefulness
delegate's~delegate's
dies~dies
skeletal~squelettique
Wimsey's~Wimsey de
bionics~bionics
dynamo's~dynamo's
scarab~scarabée
overstrict~overstrict
Listerine~Listerine
boutonniere~boutonniere
encamps~encamps
coopering~coopering
Thoth's~Thot de
you'll~vous aurez
reacquaint~réhabituer
crediting~crediting
gardenia~gardenia
millstones~millstones
chagrin's~grand dam de
networking's~la mise en réseau de
riskily~riskily
plumber~plombier
nationalises~nationalise
Jehovah's~Jéhovah
Babbage's~Babbage de
vestryman~membre du conseil paroissial
overstatements~surestimations
ken~ken
grouching~grouching
herniated~Hernie
identity's~identité de
Moho~Moho
fumbling~fumbling
Barber~Coiffeur
hoodlum's~loubard de
stimulating~stimulant
brontosauruses~brontosaures
TELNETTing~une session telnet
muskier~musqué
noninflected~noninflected
alcoholic~alcoolique
Kabul~Kaboul
misadventure~mésaventure
reeducates~rééduque
victims~victimes
bilabial's~bilabiale de
dent's~dent's
bureaucratise~bureaucratiser
pinpoint~localiser avec précision
procurer's~de souteneur
tantalisers~tantalisers
overarching~global
hindquarter~hindquarter
closure~fermeture
fusiliers~fusiliers
fizz's~fizz's
Vernon~Vernon
nighttime~nuit
dose~dose
subsides~affaisse
seized~saisi
biliousness~affection hépatique
subtle~subtil
intensity's~intensité de
amber's~ambre de
rediscovering~redécouvrant
languish~languir
schoolchild~écolier
demarcation's~demarcation's
gently~gently
eyesight's~eyesight's
highlight~surligner
pantie~pantie
Cl's~Cl de
myrtle~myrte
reflectors~réflecteurs
panellings~lambris
airmail~poste aérienne
counteracted~counteracted
pipsqueak's~de nabot
crosshatches~crosshatches
hoard's~de thésauriser
stickleback~épinoche
contagions~contagions
exude~exude
registrar~greffier
zines~zines
unveiling~dévoilement
percentile~percentile
revivifies~revivifie
scandal~scandale
budget's~Le budget de
testifiers~testifiers
fluxed~fluxed
pillowcases~taies
catarrh's~Années catarrhe
Limoges's~Années Limoges
outline's~grandes lignes
Danone's~Danone
dork~dork
McIntosh~McIntosh
weaving~tissage
saboteur~saboteur
hermaphrodite's~hermaphrodite de
guises~guises
teals~sarcelles
lowest~le plus bas
Mormons~Mormons
layman's~profane de
peashooters~sarbacanes
trivets~trépieds
shebeen~Shebeen
blotchy~tâché
Kochab~Kochab
centrefold's~de centrefold
nitpicks~nitpicks
ceding~cédantes
Englishwoman~Anglaise
reorg~reorg
eavesdropper~eavesdropper
educate~educate
mackerel~maquereau
SA~SA
vilified~vilipendé
Wooster~Wooster
vibraphonist's~de vibraphoniste
wiretappers~wiretappers
isometric~isométrique
wetwares~wetwares
seagull's~goéland de
microdots~micropoints
dispute's~dispute's
wants~veut
volunteerism's~du bénévolat
Alaskan~Alaska
albumen's~Années albumen
floodplains~floodplains
pennyweights~pennyweights
sermonises~sermonises
fobbed~fobbed
pylon's~pylône de
recrudesced~recrudesced
readopt~réadopter
pvt~pvt
fuming~fuming
TelePrompter's~prompteur de
Packard's~Packard de
festivity's~festivity's
prizewinner's~de lauréate
screaming~en hurlant
Nureyev~Noureev
Hermitage's~Hermitage de
impeachable~impeachable
doohickey's~doohickey's
farmhouse~farmhouse
untested~non testé
Israelite~Israélite
refills~recharges
carefulness~soin
differ~differ
recessing~évidant
Morin's~Morin
poplar's~peuplier de
inadvertence's~de mégarde
Frankie~Frankie
Seton~Seton
tentativeness~expérimentalisme
niggler~Niggler
counterweight~counterweight
computer~ordinateur
farmer~farmer
Theravada~Theravada
foreordains~foreordains
asphyxia~asphyxie
Mainer's~mainer de
surfboards~planches de surf
Dillard~Dillard
motto's~La devise de
galvanisation~galvanisation
wrapper's~Années wrapper
dengue's~dengue's
fluid~fluid
winkled~winkled
Delphi's~de Delphi
scavenged~balayé
Wonder's~Merveilles
installs~installations
beading's~perlant de
airspace~espace aérien
equipment's~equipment's
mac's~Mac
Spengler~Spengler
churlish~grossier
flowing~flowing
ejected~ejected
bursar~intendant
psychic's~psychique de
pianist~pianiste
fastballs~fastballs
gratuitousness~gratuitousness
recreating~recréant
testiest~testiest
captiousness's~captiousness de
design's~design's
pinkness~pinkness
blitheness's~de blitheness
screened~blindé
snit's~SNIT de
preshrunk~prérétréci
Chengdu~Chengdu
Gay's~Gay de
aftertaste~arrière-goût
bxs~bxs
Rollins's~Années Rollins
passivizes~passivizes
violence's~la violence de
sangria~Sangria
famished~famished
predictive~prophétique
subsurface's~sous la surface de
deposits~deposits
odometer's~compteur kilométrique de
centipede's~Années centipede
mercury~mercure
coursebook~coursebook
innocent's~innocent
Gorgonzola's~Gorgonzola de
improvise~improviser
knit~tricoter
uncontrollable~incontrôlable
corrode~corrode
year~an
steersman's~de timonier
drabness~drabness
lobotomies~lobotomies
clinkers~clinkers
Huston~Huston
nonpolitical~apolitique
climbable~escaladés
buzzkills~buzzkills
conjunction~conjonction
taciturn~taciturne
recalling~rappel
cohort's~cohorte de
rill~ruisseau
persuaders~Amicalement
Malinda's~Malinda de
measurements~des mesures
headbanging~headbanger
monodic~monodique
granules~granules
hinges~charnières
strayed~égarée
eliciting~eliciting
Turkestan~Turkestan
rightist's~de droitières
seaworthiness's~de l'état de navigabilité
needle~aiguille
hijack's~hijack de
tallest~le plus haut
McPherson's~McPherson
Trojan~troyen
cornballs~cornballs
shrinks~psy
progressing~progresser
thrush~muguet
circumnavigations~circumnavigations
Forrest's~Forrest de
groper~groper
disencumber~disencumber
Aldrin~Aldrin
enquiry~enquiry
questioners~questionneurs
bragger's~vantard de
Osman's~Osman de
fruitiness's~fruitiness's
hypocrisies~hypocrisies
Jezebel~Jézabel
crumbiest~crumbiest
squads~équipes
wont~habitude
municipalities~municipalités
hoodies~hoodies
asymmetry~asymétrie
mounding~buttage
abjectness~abjection
Reeves~Reeves
sinkable~insubmersible
consistory's~Consistoire de
trill~trille
cowpox~cowpox
amiability~amabilité
Candice's~Candice de
hearthrugs~hearthrugs
torturing~torturant
engram's~engram's
recoil~recul
recount's~recomptage de
horsed~attelées
Romes~Romes
crosspatch~crosspatch
tradition's~traditions
sashayed~déambulez
imago~imago
Nikki's~Nikki
negativism's~de négativisme
trouping~trouping
defame~defame
paternosters~patenôtres
rolling~roulant
handout's~handout's
colloquium~colloque
Hawks~Hawks
reassessment's~réévaluation de
guru's~guru's
nurslings~nourrissons
knell~glas
towrope's~de câble de remorquage
vermouth's~Années vermouth
equidistantly~equidistantly
firmware's~firmware's
vitrification's~de vitrification
Ericka~Ericka
patronisers~patronisers
windshield's~pare-brise de
crash~crash
superconductor~supraconducteur
monograph's~monographie de
Giraudoux's~Giraudoux
Alhena's~Alhena de
exhales~exhales
Albany~Albany
metamorphosis~métamorphose
macadamise~macadamise
trustful~confiant
expressionist~expressionist
preoccupation~préoccupation
bees~abeilles
Watson's~Watson
transpositions~transpositions
restraining~modérateur
polyp's~polype de
Analects~Analectes
puppies~chiots
forth~forth
chipmunks~chipmunks
pager's~téléavertisseur de
card~carte
yarn~fil
twerk~Twerk
agonists~agonistes
hashtag's~hashtag de
skewer~brochette
cabbage's~choux
weakener's~weakener de
victory~la victoire
Decca~Decca
Osvaldo~Osvaldo
accrual's~la comptabilité d'exercice de
Chianti~Chianti
bushel~boisseau
depositor~depositor
plumbing's~la plomberie de
nuance's~nuance de
competes~rivalise
fanciness~fanciness
locket's~Années locket
judicial~judiciaire
paradoxical~paradoxal
biographers~biographes
roofing's~de toiture
briefed~informé
accountability~responsabilité
incongruousness's~incongruité de
bluebottle~mouche bleue
effluent's~effluent's
pseudonymous~pseudonyme
crushingly~crushingly
warren's~warren de
trickster's~de trickster
ungraciously~ungraciously
prosecution's~poursuite intentée par
chant's~chant de
Seneca~Sénèque
chiefly~principalement
accessioning~accessioning
COD~LA MORUE
yore~autrefois
helipads~héliports
emissaries~emissaries
sanding~ponçage
preciseness's~preciseness de
underacting~underacting
chessboard's~chessboard de
nonconformity~non-conformité
Lollobrigida's~Lollobrigida de
millwright's~de millwright
captor's~de captor
Torah~Torah
bartering~troc
crosscheck~crosscheck
Gaul~Gaule
erythrocytes~erythrocytes
tnpk~Tnpk
hyperactivity~hyperactivité
ricketier~ricketier
refinishing~finition
punishable~punissable
stomachers~stomachers
ogled~lorgné
overcrowding~surpeuplement
peeking~jeter un oeil
partnered~en partenariat
serpent's~serpent de
cabinetry's~armoires de
whelps~lionceaux
column's~colonne de
dosage's~dosage's
Mobutu~Mobutu
nonsegregated~sans ségrégation
sulking~bouder
polliwogs~têtards
Simon~Simon
coalescing~coalescence
expectoration~expectoration
dominates~dominates
ironwork~ferronneries
contemplation~contemplation
wived~wived
checklist's~Liste de vérification
Pierce~transpercer
snowplowed~snowplowed
ayatollahs~ayatollahs
marathoner's~de marathonienne
Scotties~Scotties
pariah~paria
basis's~de base
scheme's~système de
bluegrass's~Années bluegrass
ruggedest~ruggedest
meretriciously~meretriciously
aye's~aye de
rusticate~renvoyer temporairement
mintiest~mintiest
lucidity's~de lucidité
proclivity's~de proclivity
slanderous~diffamatoire
comfort's~de confort
Mulroney~Mulroney
Piaf's~Piaf
sojourns~séjours
snowstorms~tempêtes de neige
outwitted~berné
unwrapped~déballée
environmental~environmental
tinting~teinter
tympanist's~timbalier de
toleration's~de la tolérance
Shropshire~Shropshire
fieriness~fieriness
spoonerism~spoonerism
belly~ventre
tessellations~pavages
stretchers~civières
muckier~muckier
dispossessed~dispossessed
slug's~limaces de
harmoniums~harmoniums
ginormous~ginormous
tympani's~Années timbales
telexing~telexing
harpooner's~harponneur de
bookseller~libraire
hoe's~années houe
petite~menue
McKee~McKee
merged~fusionné
couching~couching
soundtrack's~bande de
places~des endroits
expos~expos
armament~armement
Renoir's~Renoir
rectification's~rectification de
cleanness~propreté
Audrey's~Audrey
follicles~follicles
lunacies~folies
Kristen~Kristen
Brahmagupta's~Brahmagupta de
Monroe~Monroe
annulling~annulation
azimuths~azimuths
preceded~précédé
thumb's~renouée
pitchfork's~pitchfork de
gambling's~gambling's
exploiter's~exploiter's
build's~construire de
cheater's~de tricheur
mesa's~mesa de
Lipizzaner~lipizzaner
imbrication's~de intrication
pharmacy~pharmacie
goalposts~goalposts
unearthliness's~unearthliness de
firstly~firstly
Salamis's~Années Salamis
groundskeepers~groundskeepers
saviour's~sauveur
procreative~procréatrice
precursor's~précurseur de
objector~objecteur
acting~agissant
Oedipus's~Œdipe de
aforementioned~susmentionné
clop~clop
watercraft's~motomarine de
Pavlovian~pavlovien
apotheosis's~de l'apothéose
restlessness~agitation
Mercurochrome's~mercurochrome de
pronghorn's~Années pronghorn
JFK~JFK
Javanese's~Années javanais
cochleae~cochlée
Carmine~Carmin
Kashmirs~Cachemires
poolsides~bords de piscine
vindicator~vindicateur
Wilda's~Wilda de
envyingly~envyingly
innocuousness's~de l'innocuité
cramping~cramping
Zealand~Zélande
morality~moralité
semiskilled~Semi-qualifiés
fetter~fetter
pugnaciousness~pugnacité
champing~rongeant
watchmakers~horlogers
flour~flour
suite's~suites de
mealiness~farinosité
Lora~Lora
frenziedly~frenziedly
fortuitousness's~fortuitousness's
reckons~estime
householders~chefs de famille
protuberances~excroissances
weatherproof~imperméabiliser
candle's~bougies
subsist~subsister
ophthalmology~ophtalmologie
gunnysack's~gunnysack's
slumdogs~slumdogs
timeservers~timeservers
Hispanics~Hispaniques
scaremonger~alarmiste
cooing~cooing
Heracles's~Années Heracles
coast's~côte de
birther~birther
dissimilitudes~dissimilitudes
razzmatazz~razzmatazz
beachcomber's~de beachcomber
Harbin~Harbin
Mullen~Mullen
Guangzhou's~Guangzhou de
quarantine~quarantaine
kopeck~kopeck
besiege~assiéger
ores~minerais
jaunt's~escapade de
gunnery's~gunnery's
sandbagger~sandbagger
noncomprehending~noncomprehending
theta's~thêta de
sauropods~sauropodes
alleged~allégué
dds~dds
pertaining~concernant
thirteen's~treize de
letterheads~papier à lettres
understood~compris
disband~disband
everlastings~everlastings
castaway's~Castaway de
aluminium~aluminium
Ibsen's~Ibsen
Chisholm~Chisholm
rehears~rehears
recluse's~reclus de
machismo~machisme
xeroxing~xeroxing
Yokohama's~Yokohama de
Scott~Scott
Derick's~Derick de
doctoral~doctoral
attitude~attitude
genres~genres
prevaricators~prévaricateurs
kills~tue
insignia~insigne
Bacchus~Bacchus
fathom~fathom
paratroop~parachutiste
wastrel's~Années gaspilleur
interaction~interaction
cropper's~cropper's
adorn~orner
sharpness's~netteté de
discrepant~discrepant
salsa's~salsa de
rationalist~rationaliste
Kaisers~Kaisers
tarsus's~tarse de
Ouagadougou~Ouagadougou
mutton's~mouton de
Venetian~vénitien
Blackshirt's~Blackshirt de
chunder~chunder
understatement~euphémisme
invariable's~invariables de
cheapened~dépréciée
Pentecostalism~pentecôtisme
tickles~chatouilles
retribution~châtiment
absence~absence
hallowed~hallowed
atrial~un procès
towering~imposant
peripheral's~périphérique de
dismembers~dismembers
detoured~detoured
launcher's~lanceur de
thirty's~trente de
availability~disponibilité
enthrones~enthrones
paperboard's~du carton
roller~rouleau
Hershel's~Hershel de
beautifies~embellit
outrace~outrace
chicane~chicane
monodist's~monodist de
underclasses~classes défavorisées
commutable~interchangeable
joyride's~Joyride de
centurions~centurions
perceptiveness's~Années facultés de perception
Elvira's~Elvira
Bordon~Bordon
mortise's~Années mortaise
masculinity's~masculinité
Rex~Rex
windproof~coupe-vent
masterpiece~chef-d'oeuvre
coiled~coiled
leashing~la mise en laisse
perplexity's~perplexités de
monolingual~monolingue
oubliette's~de oubliette
reading's~de la lecture
rebelliousness's~de rebelliousness
coypu~coypu
rotgut~rotgut
hut's~Hut
deckles~deckles
Tanisha's~Tanisha de
toughies~toughies
baboon's~babouin de
Courbet's~Courbet
Sb's~Sb de
rowel's~rowel de
stubbiest~stubbiest
sloppiness~sloppiness
remnant~reste
whim~caprice
sled's~traîneau de
bruising~ecchymoses
ire~colère
behaving~se comporter
omnibuses~omnibus
combines~moissonneuses-batteuses
diabolically~diabolically
impermeability's~de l'étanchéité
jimmied~jimmied
aliyah's~Aliyah de
warmness~warmness
mammy's~mammy de
and~et
neoplasm's~Années néoplasme
timbre~timbre
Berlin's~Berlin de
hatbox's~hatbox de
discomfited~discomfited
pestle~pilon
ocarina's~ocarina de
holder's~du titulaire
taxonomists~taxonomistes
sylph~sylphe
transfuse~transfuser
sexpot~sexpot
hatters~chapeliers
gyrates~gyrates
cleared~dégagé
groomer's~groomer's
tabla~tabla
notoriously~notoirement
Gawain's~Gauvain de
shrugs~hausse les épaules
narration's~récit de
discourse's~discourse's
matriarch's~matriarche de
pal~copain
acquiesce~acquiescer
offensiveness's~de offensiveness
madrigal's~madrigal de
dawdler~dawdler
stamina's~l'endurance de
Alcoa's~Alcoa de
Gibson's~Gibson
Vietcong~Vietcong
lodge's~lodge de
optimisation's~optimisation de
usury's~l'usure de
cupboard's~cupboard's
won's~won de
jotted~griffonné
evidencing~evidencing
electricians~electricians
fracas's~fracas's
misjudgement~mauvaise évaluation
Hebraic~hébraïque
stutters~bégaie
brilliantly~brillamment
guitarist~guitarist
fastnesses~fastnesses
echoing~echoing
scum~écume
kiss's~baiser de
revues~revues
perform~effectuer
gunslinger~gunslinger
spawns~fraye
Autumn's~automne de
Winnie~Winnie
syllabication~syllabation
plume's~années plume
buggy~boghei
mangling~charcutage
tun's~tun de
lieutenants~lieutenants
exploits~exploits
omissions~omissions
rushing~se précipiter
Agricola~Agricola
glider~glider
audiology's~de audiologie
despoil~despoil
protons~protons
mangier~Mangier
impeller~roue
Myron~Myron
incubus's~Incubus de
brightens~Illumine
Roseau's~Roseau de
musky~musqué
natl~Natl
angiosperm's~Années angiospermes
sizzle~grésiller
disguising~disguising
deployment~deployment
hairline's~hairline's
desideratum~desideratum
extinguishing~extinguishing
Archie~Archie
ascend~monter
bravado's~bravade de
purchaser~acheteur
taproot's~de racine pivotante
Robbie~Robbie
barrelling~fonçant
Claudio's~de Claudio
hydroelectricity~hydro-électricité
little~peu
frack~frack
comma's~virgule de
Dejesus~DeJesus
Zebedee~Zébédée
coder's~codeur de
oar~rame
carryout~effectuer
Lisbon's~Lisbonne de
insoles~semelles intérieures
vergers~Vergers
stable~stable
timing's~le calendrier de
retailed~vendu au détail
verse's~verset de
Edwardian~Edwardian
supervises~supervise
centavos~centavos
delusively~delusively
Deuteronomy's~Deutéronome de
revolutionary's~révolutionnaires de
Marlin's~Marlin de
menisci~ménisques
tricycle's~tricycle de
falsity~falsity
dragon's~dragon's
Magdalene's~Magdalene
goer's~goer's
pervade~imprégner
motors~moteurs
plunder's~pillage de
Gypsy's~Gypsy
incredulous~incrédule
birthrights~aînesse
avidly~avidement
crumbles~crumbles
Toltec's~Années toltèques
Peterson's~Peterson
erosion's~erosion's
fugitives~fugitives
adjoin~adjoindre
Schwarzkopf's~Schwarzkopf
depth's~depth's
conformer's~conformère de
working~travail
endemic~endemic
bayoneting~à la baïonnette
lewdly~lewdly
deathbeds~deathbeds
skewered~brochettes
ineffectual~inefficace
absinthe~Absinthe
restaurateur~restaurateur
colon's~colon de
exerted~exerted
ripoff's~Années ripoff
tweezers~pince à épiler
sneezing~éternuements
bowdlerising~bowdlerising
sorcerers~ensorceleurs
Carrier's~Carrier
tablas~tablas
Anglican~anglican
Hohokam's~Années Hohokam
smurfs~Smurfs
ambulatory's~de soins ambulatoires
succulents~plantes grasses
peristyle~péristyle
baggy~bouffant
fictions~fictions
grubbier~grubbier
reenacting~reenacting
Marvell's~Marvell de
ballistics's~de balistique
palatalisation's~de palatalisation
enjoyed~enjoyed
Noyce~Noyce
Rocco's~Rocco
peruse~lire attentivement
ceremonious~cérémonieux
hiker~promeneur
blithering~blithering
moorland's~moorland de
lesion~lésion
shoals~bancs
polecats~putois
congealment's~de coagulation
suborder~Sous-ordre
capsule~capsule
PS~PS
mallard's~Mallard de
infilled~remblayée
fatalists~fatalists
cortisone~cortisone
Atkinson~Atkinson
Coy~Timide
farthermost~farthermost
encyclopaedia~encyclopaedia
outnumbers~plus nombreuse
malathion~malathion
millionaire's~millionnaire de
excoriated~excoriated
enlarges~enlarges
connectivity~connectivité
enfilade~enfilade
worktables~worktables
roadways~routes
nightgown's~de chemise de nuit
net~net
deathly~deathly
deafer~deafer
novels~des romans
unmusical~peu mélodieux
tippled~godaillaient
might's~pourrait est
philippics~philippiques
mailbags~mailbags
compounded~composé
chancel~chancel
Rostov~Rostov
crowfoot~crowfoot
Caerphilly's~Caerphilly de
villagers~villageois
Zs~ZS
bench~banc
nervy~énervé
romanticists~Romantiques
cuffing~cuffing
macrobiotics~macrobiotique
mouthwash~bain de bouche
earthy~earthy
Bayeux~Bayeux
demurest~demurest
bellwether's~de Bellwether
fating~fating
roadkill~Roadkill
fortitude's~fortitude's
decreed~decreed
Linnaeus's~Linné de
fearlessly~fearlessly
naphtha~naphte
aquaplane~aquaplane
hetero~hétéro
account's~comptes
ballyhoo's~de ballyhoo
memorialises~immortalise
nemesis's~de Némésis
harassing~harassing
dishevel~dishevel
insemination's~l'insémination de
pin~épingle
osculate~donner un baiser
contended~contended
Appleseed's~Appleseed de
corn's~corn's
splayfooted~panard
Aristarchus's~Aristarque de
Elisabeth~Elisabeth
volunteer~bénévole
immaterialness~immatérialité
airbag's~airbag de
teal~sarcelle
scraper's~grattoir de
encored~encored
upturned~retroussé
gadabouts~gadabouts
Somalia~Somalie
shouts~des cris
HP~HP
behaved~comportés
ma~mère
undersell~supplanter
endlessness~endlessness
pastorals~pastorals
turnoff~éteindre
snowmen~bonhommes de neige
misgiving~crainte
polygons~polygones
Shintoist~shintoïste
unpleasantness~caractère désagréable
thing's~des choses
raise~élever
terabits~térabits
Yang~Yang
holdovers~survivances
execrable~execrable
obstructionist's~de obstructionnistes
cellos~violoncelles
neutered~castré
chapels~chapelles
possessively~possessive
Chatterley~Chatterley
Tangshan~Tangshan
fora~fora
Africa's~L'AFRIQUE
milometers~totalisateurs de chemin parcouru
Nadine~Nadine
performer~interprète
speedboats~bateaux à moteur
interpreting~interprétation
evil~evil
lamasery~lamaserie
north's~au nord de
subtopics~sous-thèmes
ecotourism~ecotourism
laughingstocks~laughingstocks
sad~triste
airworthy~en état de navigabilité
confidingly~avec confiance
scourers~tampons à récurer
cyclic~cyclic
shoeshine~cirage de chaussures
smart~intelligent
heard~entendu
testings~testings
mortifying~mortifiant
homburg~Hombourg
Pym~Pym
engagement's~engagement's
exacting~exacting
buildup~accumuler
penmanship~calligraphie
elegance~elegance
methyl's~méthyle de
mercilessness~mercilessness
fortnightly~fortnightly
hilt's~poignée de
jailhouse~Jailhouse
hypertension's~de l'hypertension
ridicules~ridiculise
Corrine~Corrine
macrocosms~macrocosmes
faked~faked
Pentecostal~pentecôtiste
folksy~folksy
reopening~réouverture
gingham~gingham
institutionalisation~institutionnalisation
hairballs~hairballs
rupee's~roupie de
gripping~gripping
Richardson's~Richardson
trousers~pantalon
ridging~buttage
afterburner~postcombustion
albeit~quoique
reaffirmation's~la réaffirmation de
Cebuano~Cebuano
Oldsmobile's~Oldsmobile de
masticating~mastiquer
strongly~fortement
Mesopotamian~mésopotamienne
spreed~spreed
re~ré
bothersome~ennuyeux
warbles~gazouille
miracle's~miracle de
Ito's~Ito de
wiretapper's~de wiretapper
bristlier~bristlier
terrorise~terroriser
swum~nagé
churchyard~cimetière de l'église
pigging~pigging
gorps~gorps
charlies~charlies
charter~charte
wakens~éveille
dealer's~dealer's
services~prestations de service
Lehman's~Lehman
nihilist~nihiliste
perdition's~de damnation
running~fonctionnement
Laurie's~Laurie
hides~peaux
oozier~oozier
dissenting~dissenting
Melbourne's~Melbourne de
mainstreaming~l'intégration
violoncellist~violoncelliste
probational~probatoire
bilingual's~bilingue de
bargainers~marchandeurs
changeless~inchangeable
fingerlings~fingerlings
sunshine's~le soleil brille
Delacroix's~Delacroix
prevents~prévient
parapsychologist~parapsychologue
pushbikes~pushbikes
coopered~coopered
soda's~soude de
arrival~arrivée
recalcitrance's~de récalcitrante
civic~civique
teleworker~télétravailleur
Rhode~Rhode
cliche's~les clichés
Mitford~Mitford
jerseys~maillots
ecumenical~ecumenical
abductees~abductees
smarties~smarties
regicide's~de régicide
underneaths~underneaths
bedchamber~chambre à coucher
sportier~sportivité
operative's~operative de
evenness's~evenness's
scandalously~scandaleusement
incensing~encensement
meekness's~de mansuétude
overlay's~superposition de
vote~vote
chateau's~Château de
rig's~de plate-forme
syncope's~de syncopes
flashcard~flashcard
shiftily~sournoisement
settlement~règlement
impressionist's~de impressionistes
truckload's~années camion complet
airmen~aviateurs
jaundicing~jaundicing
perceptible~perceptible
flashlight~flashlight
incidentally~incidemment
disdained~disdained
mulling~ruminer
xvii~xvii
environmentalism~environmentalism
swordfish~espadon
dragonflies~dragonflies
complainant's~pLAIGNANT
Scotchmen's~Années Scotchmen
insubordination's~de l'insubordination
supportive~soutien
fundamentalism's~fundamentalism's
sphere's~sphère de
miscommunication~miscommunication
diatom~diatom
waterwheel's~Moulin à eau
importune~importuner
catafalque~catafalque
gibbeting~gibbeting
boulevard~boulevard
trolls~trolls
imperilment's~de mise en péril
inherent~inhérent
mange's~Années gales
lavishly~somptueusement
spittle~salive
holocaust's~holocauste de
folksiness~folksiness
Comoros~Comores
avers~avers
congruous~convenable
entraps~entraps
treeing~arborescences
conservatively~conservatrice
Kampuchea~Kampuchea
skydiving~parachutisme
electroencephalograph's~electroencephalograph's
meteorologist~météorologue
regenerating~régénérant
frailly~frailly
elongate~elongate
salmon's~le saumon du
ipecac's~ipecac de
Uganda~Ouganda
peashooter~sarbacane
pony's~poneys
revolt's~révolte de
drinker~drinker
shindig~fiesta
micrometres~micromètre
Schedar's~Schedar de
pad~tampon
activates~active
frizz~frizz
smidgens~smidgens
mealier~mealier
bra~soutien-gorge
wanes~flaches
hora~hora
anticommunist's~anticommunistes de
seabeds~fonds sous-marins
prophylactic's~prophylactique de
bifurcation~bifurcation
pontoon~ponton
revolution's~révolution de
rousing~vibrant
rhyme's~rime de
leakages~fuites
leopard~léopard
socialised~socialisé
bongos~bongos
Mazda's~Mazda
symptomatically~symptomatiquement
elementary~elementary
piteously~pitoyablement
Carson~Carson
colonialism~colonialisme
affecting~affectant
planers~raboteuses
livelihood~gagne-pain
Theodoric's~Théodoric de
subdue~maîtriser
Dijkstra's~Dijkstra
flowerpots~flowerpots
hunted~chassé
miseries~misères
eloquently~eloquently
scandalmongers~médisants
Rodrigo~Rodrigo
periwinkle~pervenche
Peiping~Peiping
Capone~Capone
hairy~hairy
byword~proverbe
ache's~douleurs
reunites~réunit les membres
Moldova's~Moldavie de
Lille's~La Braderie de Lille
scrounged~grappillé
chew~mâcher
inheritor~héritier
envenomed~envenomed
marmot~marmotte
waiver's~renonciation de
militia's~milice
Chicana's~Chicana de
saw's~scie de
treacherousness~traîtrise
fulfilling~fulfilling
demonology's~demonology's
silliest~plus sotte
eschatological~eschatological
amnion's~amnios de
centrifuging~centrifuger
studiousness's~de studiosité
grovellers~grovellers
baggies~baggies
diffidently~diffidently
yellow~jaune
minuet~menuet
height~la taille
emblem's~emblem's
exam's~exam's
Geronimo~Geronimo
blacker~blacker
imprisoned~détenu
Mari's~Mari de
predestination~prédestination
bubbliest~bubbliest
infinitely~infiniment
transect~transect
guy's~guy's
chloroforms~chloroformes
vacancy~poste vacant
Sopwith~Sopwith
pinon~épingler à
ferociousness's~ferociousness's
counterpoised~counterpoised
crescendo~crescendo
lawbreaking~violation de la loi
cockney~cockney
combings's~Années démêlures
ransack~saccager
riveters~riveurs
interrogate~interroger
frizzly~frizzly
kiwi's~Kiwis
endways~endways
Tortola's~tortola de
contributor's~contributor's
quieten~apaiser
metallurgist's~de métallurgiste
healthiness~healthiness
grandmother's~grandmother's
groats~groats
snugly~bien ajusté
caked~Caked
Oregon's~l'Oregon
lignin~lignine
Aeroflot~aeroflot
catheters~cathéters
Rb's~RB
heeling~talonnage
goalkeeping's~goalkeeping's
kinfolk's~Années Kinfolk
newsweeklies~hebdos
sublimed~sublimés
plodder's~de plodder
totalitarians~totalitarismes
undersized~trop petit
discomposure~discomposure
adhesive's~de l'adhésif
whippersnapper~freluquet
murmuring's~de murmurant
milksops~lavettes
dynasties~dynasties
inserted~inséré
checkouts~caisses
completely~complètement
propped~soutenu
vast's~vaste de
luncheon~déjeuner
lampooned~brocardé
muzziness~muzziness
decommissioning~decommissioning
paining~paining
insulted~insulté
indiscretions~indiscrétions
network~réseau
bio's~OBI
Cheer~Acclamation
electrolytes~electrolytes
conductivity~conductivité
madcap's~de écervelée
associates~associés
assonant~assonant
azure's~azur de
campier~campier
hick~péquenaud
formerly~formerly
marble~marbre
superintendence's~de surintendance
Rochester's~Rochester de
plantain's~plantain de
blacking's~de noircissant
constrictor's~constrictor de
Cara~Cara
needlessly~inutilement
Fido~Fido
Cary's~Cary de
hardball's~hardball's
ejaculatory~ejaculatory
dusted~dusted
respirators~respirateurs
inseminates~ensemence
dustiness~dustiness
newscast's~de journal télévisé
sores~plaies
led~LED
nitration's~de nitration
briefcase's~porte-documents de
Randal~Randal
silent's~est silencieux
velour's~velours
sideman's~de sideman
aqua~aqua
bailable~liberté sous caution
plopped~flac
fecundates~fecundates
bolas~bolas
Ismail~Ismail
pipette's~pipette de
spectre's~spectre de
singular~singulier
creations~creations
redundancies~licenciements
quorums~quorums
Charlottetown~Charlottetown
grunion's~grunion's
foghorn~foghorn
quarantines~quarantaines
absolutism~absolutisme
ethnographers~ethnographers
unfilled~non remplie
jellybean's~Années Jellybean
knightliness~knightliness
flout's~flout's
postcodes~codes postaux
undreamed~inespérés
possesses~possède
ministrants~ministrants
hues~teintes
Maria~Maria
muskellunge~maskinongé
jamboree~jamboree
stink~puanteur
globs~globs
pettiest~mesquine
slavishness's~de servilité
ethologist~ethologist
uncrushable~infroissable
Dixieland~Dixieland
Hunt's~Hunt
countrysides~countrysides
honer's~honer de
carbide~carbure
dames~dames
griddlecake's~griddlecake's
trugs~trugs
belongings~affaires
pinching~pincement
Jean's~Jeans
beseeching~implorant
Nimitz's~Nimitz de
Libras~libras
megaton's~mégatonnes de
notables~notables
Gullah's~gullah de
stoutness~corpulence
Jonathon~Jonathon
condominiums~condominiums
Odyssey~Odyssée
lilted~lilted
espied~espied
orphans~orphelins
cracker~cracker
Hieronymus~Hieronymus
financially~financially
savvied~savvied
patronymically~patronymically
plateauing~plateauing
house's~Maisons
numerology~numérologie
frivolous~frivolous
ratline's~de ratline
Stuyvesant's~Stuyvesant de
problematic~problématique
narcissist's~narcissiques de
demimondaines~demimondaines
basin's~bassin de
empiricist's~empiricist's
placekicked~placekicked
jollity's~de jovialité
centraliser's~centralisateur de
Dickerson's~Dickerson de
Judea's~Judée de
messengers~messagers
congealing~coagulation
Mrs~Madame
recur~se reproduire
telekinesis's~de télékinésie
subtleties~subtilités
Melton~Melton
Sophoclean's~Années sophocléenne
keenness~finesse
choirboy~jeune choriste
crackling~crackling
margin's~La marge de
Saarinen~Saarinen
Baikal~Baïkal
precancel's~Precancel de
engineering's~engineering's
cuspidor~cuspidor
unstained~sans tache
anointment~onction
spontaneity~spontanéité
redneck~rustre
tipsiness~griserie
impugning~CONTESTAIT
importuning~importune
Venetian's~vénitienne de
pussies~chattes
unsalted~non salé
feral~feral
repudiates~répudie
spreader~épandeur
bugging~mise sur écoute
insufficiently~insuffisamment
lagoon's~lagon de
Tameka~Tameka
delineation~delineation
Mnemosyne~Mnémosyne
dancing's~dancing's
republication's~de republication
spaceport~spatioport
bumblebee's~bourdons de
modifier's~modificateur de
allergy's~allergie de
avowing~avouant
replenishment's~reconstitution de
formic~formic
Chaitin's~Chaitin de
feminists~feminists
tattooists~tatoueurs
Sui~sui
lithosphere~lithosphère
WASP's~Guêpes
belittled~rabaissé
whinny~hennir
napper's~Napper de
court~court
marinate~mariner
granulating~granulating
unallowable~non admissible
charger's~chargeur de
plectrum's~plectre de
initialled~paraphé
alternative's~de rechange
blackboard~tableau noir
managed~géré
unrelieved~unrelieved
locomotives~locomotives
lugger's~lougre de
partially~partiellement
Melva's~melva de
Abe's~Abe de
listlessness~indolence
puncher's~perforateur de
blacklisting~listes noires
hymn's~hymne de
overuse~surutilisation
Anna's~Anna
wriggling~frétillement
diagrams~diagrams
Quentin~Quentin
behoves~il sied
coiffure~coiffure
rucksacks~sacs à dos
smallness's~modicité de
ravish~ravir
introduces~introduit
expulsion~expulsion
pulps~pulpes
Wendi's~Wendi de
swims~nage
marinade~Marinade
Rabat~Rabat
faddist's~faddist's
fountainhead~fountainhead
rally's~rallye de
ebbed~ebbed
foxhole's~foxhole's
exquisiteness~exquisiteness
pepper~poivre
apexes~faîtières
Travis~Travis
collating~collationner
reed~roseau
nonferrous~non ferreux
Kelsey~Kelsey
glares~glares
distilling~distilling
Sabina~Sabina
untruthfully~mensongèrement
squeegeeing~squeegee
hosing~Hosing
inadvertently~par inadvertance
appetisingly~appétissante
counterattack's~counterattack's
patchier~patchier
maleficence~malfaisance
refuelling~Ravitaillement
lofted~lofted
shuffleboards~shuffleboards
Oedipal's~œdipienne de
headpin's~de headpin
freeholds~freeholds
Albion~Albion
riverboat's~bateau-mouche de
bullfinch's~bouvreuil de
illogicality~illogisme
trombonists~trombonistes
USDA's~USDA
Aleutians~Aléoutiennes
Phoenician~phénicien
caraway's~carvi de
borderland~frontière
Venezuela's~celui du Venezuela
diluted~diluted
Ines's~Années Ines
fluxes~fluxes
thatchers~Thatchers
calf~veau
vegetated~végétalisé
pregnancy's~la grossesse de
expectancy's~expectancy's
extradition~extradition
demagogy~demagogy
portraiture's~l'art du portrait de
hyacinths~jacinthes
exploding~exploding
feller~feller
mustachios~moustaches
Clement~Clément
memory~Mémoire
genus~genus
federation~federation
abeyance~situation en suspens
hater~haïsseur
nerve~nerf
pastiches~pastiches
yeah~Ouais
Naomi~Naomi
raided~perquisitionné
subterranean~souterrain
boodle~oseille
Bates's~Bates de
extenders~extenders
Revere's~Revere
swelled~enflé
overtired~surmené
equilateral~equilateral
enthusiastically~enthusiastically
jitters's~Années Jitters
odd~impair
demanded~demanded
Balzac~Balzac
pluperfect~plus-que-parfait
pressurised~sous pression
defenceless~defenceless
nitpick~nitpick
hosier~bonnetier
legionary's~de légionnaire
cryptic~cryptic
Quixote~quichotte
woodworms~woodworms
plebes~plebes
incompetently~incompétente
sniper~tireur d'élite
adjournment~ajournement
stereoscope's~Années stéréoscope
Dhaulagiri~Dhaulagiri
oaks~chênes
blarney's~Blarney de
Wiley's~Wiley
duplex's~duplex's
topazes~topazes
cannoned~cannoned
tidy~rangé
dunghill~dunghill
amassed~amassée
toning~tonifiant
vandalism's~le vandalisme de
epileptic~epileptic
instructed~enseigné
posting's~affichage de
Trenton~Trenton
Markab's~Markab de
polyurethanes~polyuréthanes
Faisal~Faisal
gaming's~gaming's
numerable~nombrable
pier's~jetée de
bluntly~sans ménagement
smartwatches~smartwatches
persistent~persistant
reinvent~réinventer
novitiate's~noviciat de
subsidiarity~subsidiarité
mites~acariens
Robespierre's~Robespierre
absinthe's~absinthe de
espionage's~espionage's
sensationalism's~le sensationnalisme de
oversimple~simpliste
terrorist's~les terroristes
Buffalo~Buffle
daytime's~daytime's
intimidated~intimidé
symbolically~symboliquement
miser~avare
ironware's~ironware de
Apuleius~Apulée
Mentholatum's~Mentholatum de
authoring~création
depositing~depositing
searching~recherche
manically~manically
slime's~bave de
gorgeous~gorgeous
pull~tirer
distrusts~distrusts
undercoating~couche de fond
basement's~sous-sol de
duckling's~duckling's
confident~sur de soi
afghans~afghans
Formosa~Formosa
lions~les Lions
audiometers~audiométrie
investitures~investitures
collaborate~collaborer
swiftly~rapidement
Compaq's~de Compaq
farts~farts
wombat~wombat
elegies~elegies
repleted~repleted
selector's~sélecteur de
processional~processionnel
commemorator's~commemorator de
Manchu's~Années Manchu
photocopying~photocopie
despondence's~despondence's
lustre's~lustre de
Brazil~Brésil
Cox's~Cox
braceros~braceros
enchants~enchants
anaesthetisation's~de insensibilisation
smouldering~fumant
uncles~oncles
triangle~Triangle
limn~lim
choirs~chorales
Horatio~Horatio
vomited~vomi
Genoa~Gênes
Kuhn's~Kuhn
cursive~cursive
leap's~saut de
docility~docility
mordants~mordants
conciliation~conciliation
Poseidon's~Poseidon de
clutching~agrippant
craned~craned
synonym~synonyme
secularist~laïque
kneaded~malaxé
programme~programme
layperson's~de layperson
gullet~gullet
wearers~porteurs
corroborative~corroborative
idealisation's~idéalisation de
intaglio~intaglio
Asimov~Asimov
grief~grief
dago~dago
Saran~saran
haywire~détraqué
contender's~contender's
oenophile~oenophile
tidies~tidies
scuba~scaphandre autonome
peregrinates~peregrinates
Laurasia~Laurasia
Araucanian~araucan
Voltaire~Voltaire
elision~elision
whitecaps~whitecaps
Abuja's~Abuja de
foolscap~foolscap
outreach's~de sensibilisation
fandangos~fandangos
hoarser~rauques
dorsal~dorsal
prophetically~prophétiquement
netbook's~netbook de
docketing~docketing
swivels~émerillons
calculations~calculs
putrescent~putrescent
massage~massage
costarring~costarring
spindly~grêle
artefact's~artefact de
brushstrokes~coups de pinceau
torpedoing~torpillage
baldly~abruptement
patched~patché
epinephrine's~epinephrine's
impetigo~impétigo
Brahmagupta~Brahmagupta
insolvencies~insolvabilités
dungarees~dungarees
henceforward~désormais
legitimacy~légitimité
spreaders~épandeurs
calorific~calorifique
skivvies~sous-vêtements d'homme
subleases~sous-location
sedimentary~sédimentaire
relatedness's~apparentement de
Wotan's~Wotan de
Februaries~les mois de février
cradled~cradled
airhead's~de airhead
acrimoniousness's~acrimoniousness de
maltreats~malmène
chamois~chamois
burbled~burbule
noisily~à grand bruit
Szilard~Szilard
getup's~getup's
slackened~desserré
overeats~mange trop
caboose's~de fourgon de queue
clunkier~clunkier
speed~la vitesse
tablecloths~nappes
Izhevsk~Izhevsk
starstruck~Starstruck
Gilliam's~Gilliam
climb's~montée de
shopworn~défraîchi
deliberate~deliberate
nerviness~nerviness
Preminger's~Preminger de
Levy~Prélèvement
cataleptic~cataleptique
majorly~majorly
Armonk's~Armonk de
posterity's~de la postérité
boombox's~de boombox
fined~fined
ultrasonic~ultrasonique
shunting~shuntage
whips~fouets
palings~palis
error~error
curmudgeon's~curmudgeon's
accomplishments~réalisations
garbing~garbing
still~encore
Georgian's~géorgien de
invidious~injuste
whirlpools~jacuzzis
Allegheny~Allegheny
Itasca's~Itasca de
Rothschild's~Rothschild
interleaves~interleaves
arbour's~tonnelle de
McMahon's~McMahon
caterpillar~chenille
psychoanalysis~psychanalyse
cockatrices~basilics
she's~elle est
Angeles~Angeles
challis~Challis
roundel~cocarde
spines~épines
bridgehead~tête de pont
frolic~frolic
predecessors~prédécesseurs
folklorists~folklorists
Lupercalia~Lupercales
morality's~sa moralité
balcony's~balcons
transplant~transplantation
Lederberg's~Lederberg de
womble~womble
tyrannosaur's~de tyrannosaure
pellet~pastille
dicotyledon's~dicotyledon's
intercessory~intercession
loftiness's~de sublimité
gnomic~gnomic
pleads~plaide
overproduces~surproduit
heartsickness's~de heartsickness
gentile's~gentile's
Bacon's~Bacon
Mordred~Mordred
constabularies~constabulaires
matchmakers~marieurs
elodea's~elodea's
cynicism's~cynicism's
mouthfeel~mouthfeel
Mt~Mt
vacuousness~vacuité
Irishman's~Années Irishman
measurement~la mesure
expatiating~expatiating
deliberating~deliberating
fumigator's~fumigator's
prosecute~poursuivre
shackle~manille
pibrochs~pibrochs
castigated~fustigé
crankiest~crankiest
Hobart's~Hobart de
bushman's~bushman de
omnipresent~omniprésent
reported~signalé
hype~battage médiatique
aides~aides
spastic's~de spastiques
cinch~sangler
rugrats~rugrats
positivists~positivistes
reevaluated~réévaluées
unconstitutionality~inconstitutionnalité
asymmetries~asymétries
medieval~médiéval
abomination's~abomination de
lanyards~longes
anxieties~angoisses
zealous~zélé
degradable~degradable
hake's~hake's
history~histoire
acoustics~acoustique
classwork~classwork
onlooker~spectateur
jumpiness's~de sautillement
grating~grating
colleagues~collègues
Cecile's~de Cécile
sacking's~de limogeage
mislabelled~mal étiquetés
pharynges~pharynx
simian's~de simiens
Amsterdam~Amsterdam
straplesses~straplesses
belting~courroies
brass~laiton
turquoise's~turquoise de
gamely~gamely
malice~malice
Thurman's~Thurman de
circumnavigating~circumnavigating
truculently~truculence
summoning~convoquant
phaeton~phaéton
aphasic~aphasique
Nevsky~Nevsky
divorcement~divorcement
winegrowers~vignerons
radioing~par radio
saxifrage's~saxifrage de
dastardliness's~dastardliness's
rosettes~rosettes
dubiety's~dubiety's
hospitals~hôpitaux
busby's~Busby de
canopies~auvents
restrainer's~de restrainer
exurbanites~exurbanites
endpoint's~endpoint's
Ionesco's~Ionesco
tramming~herschage
parodies~parodies
Guzman's~Guzman de
superposing~superposant
bidirectional~bidirectionnel
pawpaws~papayes
limberness~souplesse
jocosity's~de joie
housemaster~professeur responsable d'une maison
backdates~a un effet rétroactif
cathartic's~de cathartiques
unromantic~peu romantique
Boone~Boone
California's~la Californie
chlorinates~chloration
Rush~se ruer
conventicles~conventicles
Kinney~Kinney
sigma~Sigma
beseecher's~beseecher de
reconciliation~réconciliation
telephotography's~telephotography de
Palladio~Palladio
stair~escalier
mainstreams~grands courants
disputing~disputing
shantytowns~bidonvilles
friending~friending
disputant~disputant
congressperson's~Années congressperson
USA~Etats-Unis
Brant's~Brant de
Kosciusko~Kosciusko
hoodie~sweat à capuche
exhale~exhale
Kip~roupillon
antimatter's~de l'antimatière
Angel's~Anges
picture's~des photos
Invar~Invar
duper's~duper's
tie~attacher
excursive~excursive
Bursa's~Bursa de
karakul~Karakul
routine~routine
beau~galant
recentness's~récence de
pitapats~pitapats
secretes~sécrète
Moorish~mauresque
chandler's~chandler de
Altaic~altaïques
assizes~assises
yoke~joug
Castor's~Castor
enabler's~enabler's
misfiled~mal classé
superior~supérieur
underlined~souligné
cholecystitis~cholécystite
dialectics~dialectics
infrared's~infrarouge de
Rogers's~ROGERS
macrame~macramé
hereafter~ci-après, par la suite
backpacked~bourlingué
fan's~fan's
Khazar's~Khazar de
leakiness~leakiness
palaeontologist~paléontologiste
lubricant~lubrifiant
TWA~TWA
manoeuvrability~maniabilité
byres~Byres
boorishnesses~boorishnesses
littlest~Littlest
exorbitantly~exorbitantly
mustiness's~de mustiness
serpents~serpents
anus~anus
remember~rappelles toi
air's~l'air de
moons~lunes
gadabout~gadabout
jumble~fouillis
Apocalypse~apocalypse
dispose~dispose
subsidisers~subventionneurs
Wigner~Wigner
Mercedes's~Mercedes de
mitt's~mitaine de
headlock's~de prise de tête
abstract~abstrait
quart's~quart de
midfielder~Le milieu de terrain
cayenne~Cayenne
ref's~ref de
banknotes~billets
Creation's~Les créations
floating~floating
rivals~rivaux
calf's~veau de
procrastinated~tergiversé
RTFM~RTFM
mussel~moule
gazer's~gazer's
learner~apprenant
expiate~expiate
animadvert~critiquer
overcharging~surcharge
Sterno's~sterno de
backwaters~backwaters
kink~entortiller
seems~semble
vastest~vaste
briquette~briquette
glassblowing~glassblowing
rote's~rote de
spongier~spongieuse
Didrikson~Didrikson
wrests~arrache
grizzly~grizzly
rubdowns~rubdowns
busier~plus occupé
pones~pones
purplest~purplest
vertexes~vertex
politer~politer
Jung's~Jung
organise~organiser
frizzier~frizzier
guild~guild
McFadden~McFadden
norm~norme
toot's~Années Toot
colostomy's~colostomie de
prorate~distribuer au prorata
justness~justice
romper's~barboteuse
Walesa's~Walesa de
Frankfort's~Francfort de
Hebrew's~hébreu de
Lemuria's~Lemuria de
Wagner's~Wagner
computerise~informatiser
inductee's~de intronisé
polonium's~polonium de
bivalent~bivalent
gimmick~gimmick
heroes~héros
guesser~guesser
Willy~Willy
electron's~electron's
eligibility~eligibility
subroutine~sous-routine
initialism~initialism
inroad's~de invasion
brothels~bordels
Bran~Fibre
isomerism's~isomérie de
scanners~scanners
germinal~germinal
panorama~panorama
jollity~jovialité
Masefield~Masefield
kin~parents
acquisitive~avide
dactyl's~dactyl's
letterer's~de letterer
paranoiac's~paranoïde de
tussled~affrontés
geothermic~geothermic
chalkiness~crayeux
retail~vente au détail
Punic's~punique de
achromatic~achromatique
Sudan's~celui du Soudan
excellence~excellence
stalls~stalles
essayer's~essayer's
carjack~Carjack
twinsets~twinsets
brickyard~briqueterie
thunderers~thunderers
pastry's~pâtissier
whinier~whinier
Exercycle~Exercycle
probates~lettres d'homologation
but~mais
factious~factious
wrongful~injustifié
Azov~Azov
recalculations~recalcul
conserving~la conservation
joyride~joyride
rasping~grincement
nightmares~cauchemars
meadow's~prairie de
indecipherable~indéchiffrable
skydivers~skydivers
Estela~Estela
Collin's~Collin
silage's~ensilage de
Muhammad~Muhammad
Wollongong's~Wollongong de
dangled~dangled
borrow~emprunter
untruthful~mensonger
ransomer's~rédempteur de
Bunche~Bunche
communicating~communicant
nutriments~nutriments
festoons~festoons
Lon~Lon
outpost's~avant-poste de
cloakroom's~vestiaire de
leftists~gauchistes
voyagers~Voyagers
mountainsides~flanc de montagne
manipulating~manipulation
carapaces~carapaces
laetrile's~de laetrile
kennel's~chenil de
reselling~revendant
Agustin~Agustin
treed~treed
naturalism~naturalisme
Jefferey's~Jefferey de
infighters~infighters
preschoolers~enfants d'âge préscolaire
corporatism~corporatism
siesta's~siesta de
forfeit's~forfeit's
Stephenson~Stephenson
HTML's~HTML de
Tamil's~tamoul
large's~grands
Mattel~Mattel
extinguish~extinguish
Ramirez's~Ramirez de
thrifts~thrifts
redraws~redessine
honchos~honchos
unlikeness's~de dissemblance
conformists~conformistes
Clytemnestra's~Clytemnestre de
incautious~imprudent
asininity~niaiserie
goofball~goofball
pimple's~boutons
votive~votif
scatter's~la diffusion de
nepotism's~le népotisme de
wattle~acacia
cellophane's~cellophane de
Janjaweed~Janjaweed
permuting~permuter
plebiscite~plébiscite
swell~se gonfler
purposefulness~détermination
Buckley's~Buckley
Diwali~Diwali
finance~finance
fanboy's~fanboy's
sponged~Sponged
Joseph~Joseph
deprograms~deprograms
Eben~Eben
Balfour's~Balfour
ligament's~ligament de
ancestor~ancêtre
boxers~boxeurs
blacktop's~de revêtement bitumineux
percentile's~percentile de
conic~conique
acropolis's~acropole de
whisk~fouet
Nunavut's~NUNAVUT
darkened~darkened
exclusive's~exclusive's
respirator~respirateur
vacancy's~vacance de
Grendel's~Grendel de
ululation~ululation
grapnels~grapnels
Alexandria's~Alexandrie de
unpardonably~impardonnablement
John~John
clacks~claquements
auctioneer~commissaire-priseur
feeble~feeble
scandal's~scandale de
reorgs~reorgs
brazer~braseur
stoppered~bouché
divulges~divulges
windy~venteux
Gruyeres~gruyères
immoralities~immoralités
dreamt~dreamt
motifs~motifs
caramel's~caramel de
junctures~conjonctures
legislators~législateurs
super's~super de
Dusty~Poussiéreux
dittos~dittos
portables~portables
envying~envying
duty~duty
parky~parky
dustcart~dustcart
schemer~intrigant
Visa~Visa
foll~foll
channel's~de canal
plebe~plebe
procurers~entremetteurs
lecher~débauché
illustrative~explicatif
sliders~curseurs
jiving~jiving
intricacies~subtilités
trivium~Trivium
clarinettist~clarinettiste
disclosure's~disclosure's
detracted~detracted
maunder~divaguer
newspaperwoman~newspaperwoman
owner's~les propriétaires
requirement~exigence
Yb's~Années Yb
gore~gore
macerates~macère
Elway~Elway
allegrettos~allegrettos
membrane~membrane
vitiates~vicie
lire~lire
superconductive~supraconducteur
verb's~verbes
widening~élargissement
batons~matraques
inebriates~enivre
chieftainship's~chefferies de
strikes~grèves
cutouts~cutouts
wares~marchandises
willows~saules
Foster's~Foster
firestorm~firestorm
hat~chapeau
golfers~golfers
prognosticates~pronostique
pencillings~pencillings
Kiwanis's~Années Kiwanis
moodier~moodier
cutoff~cutoff
windstorms~tempêtes de vent
underskirt's~Années jupon
Palisades~Palisades
YMCA's~YMCA
fright~fright
predeterminer's~predeterminer de
concavities~concavités
conquered~conquis
biter's~mordeur de
likelihood's~probabilité de
undefinable~indéfinissables
nuptials~noce
muscle~muscle
roost's~perchoir de
mushers~mushers
racially~racial
solemnified~solemnified
E's~E de
Courbet~Courbet
rag's~chiffon de
rigour~rigueur
hobnails~caboches
sextets~sextuor
adulating~adulating
wattles~barbillons
imbecility's~imbécillité de
precludes~exclut
xenon's~xénon de
imper~imper
tameness's~apprivoisement de
sadist's~de sadist
pleader~plaideur
misreading's~de mauvaise interprétation
appended~annexé
dallier's~dallier's
outweigh~emporter sur
devoting~devoting
Shenandoah~Shenandoah
nightstands~chevets
Azerbaijani~azerbaïdjanais
mimosas~Des mimosas
brasserie's~brasserie de
tombing~tombing
tinkerers~bidouilleurs
Hellenic~hellénique
Moulton's~Moulton de
rattan's~rotin de
tenseness's~de contractures
quietude~quiétude
Nat~Nat
acclimation~acclimatation
dermatological~dermatological
underpass's~Années passage souterrain
Flanagan's~Flanagan
hostel's~auberge de
marauds~Marauds
Arapahos~Arapahos
Nagasaki's~Nagasaki de
eggnog's~eggnog's
House's~Maisons
hols~vac
hamburger's~hamburger's
overlay~recouvrir
hibiscuses~hibiscuses
secretariat~secrétariat
chihuahua's~CHIHUAHUA
analogically~analogiquement
recognisable~reconnaissable
bottled~embouteillée
nutria's~Années nutries
retort's~réplique de
ethnographically~ethnographically
qualified~qualifié
billhook~serpette
moody~de mauvaise humeur
reunion's~réunion de
keypunching~keypunching
favouritism's~favouritism's
Falasha~Falashas
snow's~de la neige
Darrow~Darrow
Thutmose~Thoutmosis
prepubescence~prepubescence
Sq~sq
limerick's~limerick de
pushier~pushier
impersonator~imitateur
Pittsburgh~Pittsburgh
might've~pourrait avoir
result's~résultats
Vitim~Vitim
losers~perdants
whorl~spire
reheats~réchauffes
cs~cs
headaches~des maux de tête
crape~crape
riddles~énigmes
Astarte~Astarte
Valois~Valois
eclectic~eclectic
anise's~anis de
haltingly~haltingly
scurviest~scurviest
spooning~spooning
witchery~sorcellerie
denuclearising~denuclearising
causing~provoquant
decimation's~decimation's
agribusiness~secteur agroalimentaire
intake~admission
consortia~consortiums
empathising~empathising
Ubangi's~Années Oubangui
moisturising~hydratant
maddening~exaspérant
mainlining~caracole en tête
Rosie's~Rosie
imbeciles~imbeciles
cools~cools
rappel~descendeur
paunchier~paunchier
bugler's~Clairon de
lapping~clapotis
vestal's~Vestal de
nelson's~NELSON
extorted~extorted
erratas~erratas
prognosticator's~de pronostiqueur
birdbaths~birdbaths
truly~vraiment
mizzenmast~artimon
expropriations~expropriations
monorails~monorails
dogfight~dogfight
Assyrians~Assyriens
glossily~glossily
MSG~MSG
embarrasses~embarrasses
Carnot~Carnot
vestrymen~fabriciens
misidentifies~interprète mal
alluvium's~alluvions de
Fujiyama~Fujiyama
anticking~anticking
Cerberus's~Cerberus de
Andre~Andre
spurted~giclé
equipages~equipages
advice's~des conseils de
unstoppable~inarrêtable
Peshawar's~Peshawar de
frightful~frightful
sloughs~bourbiers
interrogation's~interrogatoire de
patchwork's~patchwork de
etymology~etymology
Percival's~Percival de
lightface's~de caractère normal
unrelenting~implacable
lexicographers~lexicographes
peaceable~paisible
briefer~bref
sing's~Chantez de
Nisei~nisei
groan~groan
gorgeously~gorgeously
electronically~electronically
furnish~furnish
digitises~digitises
stylised~stylisé
nastier~plus méchant
paperback's~livre de poche de
brink's~Brinks
HMS~HMS
doorplate~doorplate
lintel~linteau
subcompact's~de sous-compacte
fisticuffs's~fisticuffs's
plutocrats~ploutocrates
shoal~haut-fond
relic's~relique de
til~til
Castro~Castro
Mahler~Mahler
reconciliations~réconciliations
elevator's~elevator's
assail~assaillir
minus's~minus
coalitionists~coalisés
tryout's~de tryout
discombobulates~discombobulates
snot~morve
Fern~Fougère
signal~signal
misdiagnose~misdiagnose
detentes~detentes
tenon~tenon
hereafter's~ci-après de
sapper~sapeur
Maribel~Maribel
driest~driest
Graham~Graham
chivied~chivied
ode's~ode
equalising~equalising
stipulation's~stipulation de
denigrate~denigrate
outvoted~mis en minorité
Lauri's~Lauri de
huzzahing~huzzahing
Sweeney~Sweeney
Beard's~Beard
permissively~de façon permissive
spinets~spinets
sweepings~balayures
allegation~allégation
septicaemic~septicémique
underdevelopment~le sous-développement
battened~lattée
commiseration~commisération
Arcadian~Arcadian
hued~hued
Meuse's~Meuse de
proton~proton
prizewinning~prizewinning
tips~conseils
ants~fourmis
swanks~swanks
mistiest~mistiest
lagniappe~lagniappe
battleaxes~haches de guerre
stockyard~parc
savager~savager
boodle's~boodle de
satanism's~satanisme de
imperilment~mise en péril
bossed~bossed
rainstorm~pluie torrentielle
stepsister~demi-soeur
demobilisation's~demobilisation's
gastronomy~gastronomy
collective~collectif
gremlin's~gremlin's
egalitarians~egalitarians
withstands~cHocS
dimensional~dimensional
purifier~purificateur
transparency's~la transparence de
bodkins~épingles à cheveux
Bolsheviks~bolcheviks
problematically~problématiquement
idyll's~idylle de
enraptured~enraptured
displace~displace
exists~exists
sharpshooters~tireurs d'élite
mire~boue
temples~temples
judicatory~judicatoire
resulted~abouti
pouted~bouda
vigilante~justicier
slutty~slutty
borax~borax
classier~classier
future~future
sol's~sol de
shininess's~de luisance
importation~importation
outmatch~surpasser
diatom's~diatom's
mentor's~le mentor
haemophilia~haemophilia
rehung~rehung
Rupert~Rupert
cockfighting~les combats de coqs
reducers~réducteurs
Morphy's~Morphy de
Joyner's~Joyner de
Norma~Norma
population's~populations
vouchsafed~daigna
cruft~cruft
steeply~abruptement
bounteousness's~bounteousness de
chickenpox~varicelle
rack's~support de
aimed~visant
locator's~localisateur de
psychics~clairvoyants
conservative~conservateur
omicron~omicron
mention~mention
monomaniac's~monomaniaque de
Velveeta~Velveeta
vocalic~vocalique
linguist's~linguiste de
lager's~lager de
vibraphone~vibraphone
pianissimo~pianissimo
formation~formation
wooziness~wooziness
shrouded~gainée
grist~grist
tipster~pronostiqueur
Arbitron's~Arbitron de
confiscation~confiscation
brash~impétueux
Hans's~Hans de
scurvily~scurvily
zealousness~zealousness
Legendre's~Legendre
conceptional~conceptionnelle
Georgian~géorgien
droop's~droop's
obliged~obligé
misplaying~misplaying
sampan~sampan
energiser~energiser
firebreak~firebreak
technically~techniquement
savings~des économies
overstay~overstay
dizzies~dizzies
Vonnegut's~Vonnegut de
replanted~replantés
terracing~terrassements
fight's~fight's
pallor~pâleur
jalousie's~Jalousie de
bullfrogs~ouaouarons
amphetamine~amphétamine
matches~allumettes
Sunday~dimanche
cowgirl~cowgirl
composers~compositeurs
podding~podding
trumpeters~trompettistes
Conrail's~conrail de
Cleo's~Cleo
perishes~périra
flt~flt
naturist~naturiste
sarcasm~sarcasme
godhood~godhood
coliseum~Colisée
verticals~verticales
sturdily~robuste
populating~peuplement
acetyl~acétyle
replying~répondre
negligible~négligeable
Kant's~Kant
regrown~regrown
goofiness's~goofiness's
folklore~folklore
bureaucracy~bureaucratie
broadcloth's~Années drap
ides~ides
strangulation~étranglement
tonsil's~les amygdales
appropriateness's~la pertinence de
distorting~distorting
coffees~cafés
sedan~sedan
Samantha's~Samantha
pardons~pardons
Hummer's~Hummer de
pyrite's~de la pyrite
vigilante's~justicier de
heathenism's~de heathenism
excommunicating~excommunicating
banquet's~banquet de
Tangier~Tanger
automakers~constructeurs automobiles
Proterozoic's~Protérozoïque de
Oriya~Oriya
snicks~snicks
enforcing~enforcing
pulleys~poulies
deescalation~deescalation
Bellamy~Bellamy
misunderstandings~malentendus
sauntering~sauntering
refresher~recyclage
lemur's~lémurien de
curried~curried
appeaser~pacificateur
subcommittees~sous-comités
province~Province
Gris~Gris
scubas~scubas
distinguished~distinguished
postilion's~postillon de
Byzantium's~Byzance de
venturesome~aventureux
garroting~garroting
bagatelle's~Bagatelle de
chaser's~de Chaser
religious~religieux
statesmen~hommes d'État
transfer's~transfert de
pectoral~pectoral
possessive's~de possessifs
binderies~binderies
raffle's~Années tombola
equivocally~equivocally
inconceivability~inconcevabilité
miring~Miring
inanest~inanest
use~utilisation
bushiness's~de bushiness
concealers~Correcteurs
stodge~littérature indigeste
Borneo's~Bornéo du
Ian~Ian
crawler~crawler
Jacuzzi~jacuzzi
derringer~derringer
Soviet~soviétique
Greeley~Greeley
impostures~impostures
embalmer's~embalmer's
vociferousness~vociferousness
eyeless~eyeless
cutthroat's~cutthroat's
Faustus's~Faustus de
stoves~poêles
playroom's~salle de jeux pour
catalysis~catalyse
flirt~flirt
complain~se plaindre
abjectly~misérablement
dreadful~dreadful
endoscopy's~endoscopy's
whittler's~whittler de
Delano~Delano
recomputes~recalcule
clinks~tintements
Tues~You are
incontinence~incontinence
grottoes~grottoes
Chickasaw~Chickasaw
retyped~retapée
outraced~outraced
unnerve~déconcerter
whiting's~merlan de
prosiest~prosiest
grate's~grate's
uneventfully~sans incident
manse's~de Manse
customisation's~customisation's
sanctum~sanctuaire
crusade~crusade
misconceiving~méconnaître
Chivas~Chivas
Ingram~Ingram
granduncle's~granduncle's
cherry's~cerise de
elvers~elvers
lasciviousness~lasciveté
trustee~curateur
emblazon~emblazon
soppier~soppier
chaperone's~chaperon de
Lavonne's~lavonne de
Ernie~Ernie
cochlea's~cochlée de
fundraisers~fundraisers
heartwood's~Années duramen
feud~feud
Sudra~Sudra
hairbrush's~hairbrush's
perter~Perter
barroom~salle de bar
Stromboli's~Années Stromboli
luncheons~déjeuners
resuscitator~réanimateur
signor~signor
animated~Animé
junta's~junte de
pareses~parésie
tetanus's~années tétanos
Malthusian's~de malthusiennes
AI's~AI de
competitiveness's~la compétitivité de
magnesia's~années magnésie
Maratha~Maratha
restriction~restriction
projections~projections
FM's~FM de
tantaliser~tantaliser
liquidator~liquidateur
sack's~sac de
snoods~snoods
metaphorical~métaphorique
languishes~languit
fishmonger's~fishmonger's
giantess~giantess
provost's~Provost
Oberlin's~Oberlin de
tabernacles~tabernacles
quadrille~quadrille
lamentable~lamentable
lamentations~lamentations
derogation~derogation
Appalachians's~années Appalaches
estimator~estimator
solidify~solidifier
craggier~craggier
comped~COMPED
crustacean's~crustacean's
servo's~servo de
gasbag~gasbag
iambuses~iambuses
dominions~dominions
dialyses~dialyses
princeliness~princeliness
Northrop's~Northrop
choir~chorale
baccalaureate~baccalauréat
hairbreadth's~hairbreadth's
bacteriology's~de bactériologie
nobler~plus noble
ventilates~ventile
reconstituting~reconstituante
standoff~impasse
lapidary~lapidaire
Mae's~Mae
nonsensitive~nonsensitive
Webster's~Webster
irresoluteness~irrésolution
Chamberlain~Chambellan
smell~odeur
holey~holey
environs's~environs's
divorcement's~divorcement's
stringency's~de rigueur
skycap~Skycap
Faulkner~Faulkner
Robyn's~Robyn
Willard~Willard
paddocks~paddocks
stringency~rigueur
breadfruits~fruits à pain
conical~conique
Essie's~Essie de
original's~est original
spattered~éclaboussé
bursae~bursae
gunning~gunning
unidentified~non identifié
soothsaying~devinant
abbes~abbes
freeze's~freeze's
Bedouin~bédouin
precipitates~précipités
cowslips~cowslips
tardily~tardivement
gelds~gelds
interplanetary~interplanétaire
Achilles~Achille
dongs~dongs
bumbags~sacs banane
fragility~fragility
muffler~silencieux
hamster's~hamster's
ascribing~attribuant
Figaro's~Figaro
domesticity~domesticity
cliometric~cliométrique
preside~présider
simplifications~simplifications
falsies~falsies
triptych's~tryptique de
troy~troy
resigned~résigné
plunging~plongeant
swivel~pivot
freakishness's~freakishness's
choppered~choppered
nullification's~de l'annulation
moratoriums~moratoires
dharma~dharma
bedrooms~chambres
Carmelo's~Carmelo de
subversiveness~subversivité
subtler~plus subtile
flammable's~flammable's
declared~declared
easel's~easel's
broadening~élargissement
smarmiest~smarmiest
Colt's~Colt
dethronement's~dethronement's
pervasiveness's~de l'omniprésence
Trump~Atout
reinfected~réinfectés
briefing~briefing
gays~gays
residuum's~de residuum
Izanami~Izanami
Dow's~Dow
egret~egret
hooks~crochets
rattler's~crotale de
envoys~envoys
Marquesas~marquises
disestablish~disestablish
idler's~oisif de
Starkey~Touche étoile
Fujiwara's~Années Fujiwara
couture's~couture's
bafflement~bafflement
shysters~shysters
Helmholtz's~Helmholtz
plaids~plaids
regulates~régule
rigmaroles~litanies
Aquila's~Aquila de
old~vieux
landowner's~propriétaire de
tattooer's~de tatoueuse
combustibles~matériaux combustibles
Massenet's~Massenet
dig's~dig's
Eleanor's~Eleanor
Keogh~Keogh
embroidered~embroidered
MiG~MiG
diphtheria~diphtheria
affectations~Affectations
confectioneries~confiseries
intangible~intangible
bitter~amer
Clark~Clark
competences~compétences
pneumococcal~pneumocoque
cursor~cursor
scoreless~sans but
hungriness~hungriness
medications~médicaments
sanctioned~sanctionné
serviceability's~de facilité de maintenance
precursory~préliminaire
sexting~sexting
colophons~colophons
collaring~collaring
webcast's~Années webdiffusion
Agrippina's~Agrippine de
brazenness's~de impudence
Lilliputian~lilliputien
authentic~authentique
duodenal~duodenal
tuberculosis's~de la tuberculose
pushcart~charrette à bras
lade~charger
deviant~deviant
Pelee's~Pelee de
sprawls~éTEND,
grasses~grasses
reassertion~réaffirmation
adverted~fait allusion
wooden~en bois
belonged~appartenu
cartridge~cartouche
insurgence's~de insurgence
sees~voit
workingwoman~femme qui travaille
corroborate~corroborate
unsanitary~insalubre
uncontroversial~non controversable
morasses~bourbiers
zinger~Zinger
dongle's~dongle's
Magi~mages
feedback~feedback
prefixes~préfixes
millenniums~milléniums
Osborn's~Osborn de
junks~jonques
surfaced~refait surface
opacity~opacité
tunelessly~tunelessly
unmatched~incomparable
donated~donated
connoisseur~connaisseur
hits~les coups
cleavers~couperets
occultism~occultisme
beautifiers~embellisseurs
staidness~staidness
denigrated~denigrated
totalled~ont atteint
eggplants~eggplants
inveigled~inveigled
convent~convent
principle's~des principes
exonerates~exonerates
ptomaine's~de ptomaine
Patagonia~Patagonie
correlated~correlated
extradite~extradite
butterfly~papillon
octagon~octogone
flyways~flyways
tournament's~tournoi de
agoraphobia~agoraphobie
separability's~séparabilité de
snippet's~extrait de
sneeze~éternuement
slit~fente
teargas's~années gaz lacrymogène
legitimacy's~la légitimité de
Mississippi's~Mississippi de
neanderthals~Néandertaliens
Lilliputians~Lilliputiens
mapmakers~cartographes
Worcester's~Worcester de
cellist's~violoncelliste de
researcher~chercheur
brioche's~brioche de
migraine~migraine
Ahriman's~Ahriman de
equestrian~equestrian
metabolise~métaboliser
used~utilisé
irksomeness's~de ennui
Capote's~Capote de
anthill's~Années Fourmilière
decentralising~decentralising
ladybirds~coccinelles
jalousies~persienne
filtration's~filtration's
contenting~contenting
coral's~coral's
ablution's~ablution de
icings~glaçages
enveloping~enveloping
mellowest~mellowest
plaza~place
carcinogenicity's~de cancérogénicité
nonplus~dérouter
thuggish~thuggish
Skippy's~Skippy de
tuneup's~de tuneup
delinquencies~delinquencies
uncongenial~antipathiques
piano~piano
continence~continence
fibre~fibre
Etruria's~Etrurie de
Britishers~Britishers
chorister's~de chorister
sternest~sévère
frameworks~frameworks
reproduced~reproduit
conceptualise~conceptualiser
wimple's~Années guimpe
withered~flétri
telecommuting~télétravail
battered~battu
Galsworthy's~Galsworthy de
court's~court's
Damascus~Damas
yearn~aspirer
towels~les serviettes
piss's~pisse de
asteroid's~astéroïde de
intake's~apport de
Maracaibo~Maracaibo
frequently~frequently
grinned~grinned
Rich~Riches
rail's~des rails
yellowness's~de teinte jaune
compassion~la compassion
Michelangelo's~Michel-Ange
extension~extension
tinsel~clinquant
having~ayant
menhaden's~Années menhaden
glop's~glop's
Bosch~Bosch
electromagnetically~electromagnetically
pairings~appariements
ballcock's~de ballcock
libidinal~libidinale
moralist's~moraliste de
acridest~acridest
bloodless~exsangue
yanks~Yanks
decrying~decrying
invertebrate's~invertébré de
internships~des stages
instrumentally~instrumentalement
edited~edited
cam~came
Brest~Brest
medial~médian
hackle~hackle
tendons~tendons
gamecock's~gamecock's
mandrills~mandrills
bouzouki~bouzouki
prophet's~pROPHÈTE
Arabic~arabe
Buckner's~Buckner de
flit~flit
sanctuaries~sanctuaires
Morton~Morton
oldish~assez vieux
Angie's~Angie
co~co
Chongqing's~de Chongqing
lipreader~lipreader
salary~un salaire
ramified~ramifié
oratorio's~oratorio
ringside's~Ringside de
grouped~grouped
inheriting~héritant
Bundestag's~Bundestag de
cheery~gai
upstarting~upstarting
safekeeping's~garde de
nap's~sieste de
affects~affecte
uncle's~oncle
parks~parcs
grenadine's~grenadine's
physiognomies~physionomies
phantasm~fantasme
fungus's~fungus's
deadpanned~deadpanned
exculpate~exculpate
efflorescence's~efflorescence's
talkativeness~loquacité
solemnise~solenniser
conversationalists~conversationalists
stateroom's~cabine de
Clarissa's~Clarissa de
squeegeed~une raclette
female's~female's
wavelength's~longueur d'onde de de
podiatry's~podiatrie de
noncrystalline~noncrystalline
Grendel~Grendel
fervent~fervent
misbehaviour~mauvaise conduite
standpipes~bornes-fontaines
actress~actrice
sleaze's~de sleaze
showbiz~showbiz
Cetus's~Cetus de
clannishness~clanisme
with~avec
Vijayawada~Vijayawada
dairies~dairies
hospitalisations~hospitalisations
Adolfo~Adolfo
spank~fesser
Ladyships~Seigneuries
coastline~littoral
lurching~titubant
registrars~registraires
swallowtail's~Années machaon
towed~tracté
periodontists~periodontists
Elva~Elva
sliminess's~sliminess de
subcontracted~sous-traitée
peccaries~pécaris
firebomb's~firebomb's
overbite's~de supraclusion
Huber~Huber
airspeed~vitesse relative
basters~basters
reconvened~réuni à nouveau
vulgarisers~vulgarisateurs
wag~remuer
undecideds~undecideds
steppe~steppe
occult's~occulte de
taunter's~Années Taunter
billingsgate's~Billingsgate de
Baedekers~Baedekers
garrulity~garrulity
proclamation~proclamation
predicts~prédit
morrows~lendemains
squealer~hurleur
bronchus~bronche
moieties~groupements
beginnings~débuts
panhandled~mendiait
deft~deft
ragweed's~l'herbe à poux de
Nabokov's~Nabokov
Eris's~Eris de
narrates~narre
ethnologically~ethnologically
rabbeted~feuilluré
twentieths~vingtièmes
Kalevala's~Kalevala de
faking~faking
moaners~râleur
recognition's~la reconnaissance de
flaw's~flaw's
preponderances~prépondérances
reaffirmation~réaffirmation
crosscut~crosscut
protesters~manifestants
mastermind~cerveau
truculent~agressif
tackiness's~de adhésivité
weatherization~intempérisation
pallet's~palette de
moralisers~moralisateurs
plight~situation critique
reactionary's~réactionnaires de
Rosella's~Rosella de
dampeners~dampeners
sheathing's~années gainage
dwindled~dwindled
Wilkes~Wilkes
curio's~curio's
tortuous~tortueux
psychopath's~psychopathe de
pleaders~plaideurs
blossom's~fleur de
harnessed~attelés
hammertoe's~hammertoe's
reassembling~remontage
dapples~dapples
kinfolk~parents
conservationism~conservationism
Mahdi~Mahdi
nonrecurring~nonrecurring
timidest~timidest
saviours~sauveurs
barbells~haltères
Tarazed~Tarazed
fatal~fatal
conservatories~conservatoires
beanie~calotte
nymph~nymphe
palmists~palmists
misbehaviour's~la mauvaise conduite de
opaquing~opacifiant
violates~constitue une violation
noncumulative~non cumulable
twelve's~Twelve
anathematise~anathématiser
skipper's~skipper de
irreconcilability~irréconciliable
madrigal~madrigal
recriminated~récriminé
butties~butties
rifler~rifler
execrably~execrably
whippers~siphons
telepathically~télépathie
maltose~maltose
Reasoner's~raisonneur de
beam~faisceau
preclusion's~de preclusion
freeloader~freeloader
H's~H de
drive~drive
allergies~allergies
waspishly~acerbe
buzzkill's~buzzkill de
reset's~réinitialisation de
snottiest~snottiest
Alkaid's~Alkaid de
premixed~prémélangé
contemptuous~contemptuous
told~Raconté
encountered~encountered
coulis~coulis
dicotyledonous~dicotyledonous
billfolds~porte-billets
effects~effects
forecourt~forecourt
paralytics~paralytiques
Lizzie's~Lizzie de
speedboat~vedette
Pennsylvania~Pennsylvanie
Burt~Burt
underlings~sous-fifres
placeholder's~espace réservé de
misfile~misfile
Burch~Burch
cheerlessness's~cheerlessness de
buffoonery~bouffonnerie
Gertrude~Gertrude
drug~drug
Ewing~Ewing
crystallises~crystallises
refastening~resserrage
insurrections~insurrections
benefice's~benefice de
dramatised~dramatised
stowaway~passager clandestin
Ahab's~Achab
proviso~condition
playfellow's~compagnon de jeu de
italicise~italique
Randi's~Randi de
overprint~surcharge
beholding~contemplons
beautifully~magnifiquement
lascivious~lascif
asexuality~asexualité
anticlerical~anticlérical
tendinitis's~Années tendinite
Mex~Mex
lauds~Laudes
ventilate~ventiler
watercourse's~cours d'eau de
completing~l'achèvement
explosive~explosive
disapproval~disapproval
Asoka~Asoka
vociferate~vociférer
Lennon~Lennon
wash~lavage
slowpokes~slowpokes
planner~planificateur
vintners~négociants en vins
cartload~charretée
googly~googly
architectonics~architectonique
Saxons~Saxons
Fridays~vendredi
denatured~denatured
scarf's~années écharpe
canine's~canine de
Beatles's~Beatles de
woofs~Woofs
restrain~restreindre
amateurism's~de l'amateurisme
coil~bobine
outsmarting~Déjouer
Jinan's~Jinan de
blameworthy~blâmable
cushion's~cushion's
chumming~chumming
Afrikaner's~afrikaner de
beltway's~du boulevard périphérique
Sweet's~Bonbons
implementations~mises en œuvre
ques~ques
mazurka's~mazurka de
poker's~poker de
hgwy~hgwy
drudging~drudging
locutions~locutions
tardier~Tardier
fishcake's~fishcake's
subdivides~subdivise
inlay's~incrustation des années
touch~toucher
sapience~sapience
reupholsters~Restauration de mobilier
petrifaction~pétrification
nighest~nighest
variegated~panaché
zipped~zippé
earthen~earthen
encyclopedia~encyclopedia
spokesman~porte-parole
systole's~Années systole
potholders~maniques
Azerbaijan~Azerbaïdjan
outbalance~peser plus lourd que
portiere~portiere
jatos~Jatos
mercer~mercier
Hiram's~Hiram de
lancer~lancier
Naugahyde's~Années Naugahyde
prostates~prostates
disproof's~disproof's
unhinges~unhinges
unintelligibly~inintelligible
bylaws~règlements
topped~surmonté
counterinsurgency~counterinsurgency
merriment~gaieté
actualisation's~actualisation de
genuflect~genuflect
apocalypses~apocalypses
marksmen~tireurs d'élite
paranoid~paranoïaque
Hammurabi's~Hammourabi de
blastoff's~Années Blastoff
bemusement~effarement
garfishes~garfishes
eulogy~eulogy
productive~productif
desegregating~desegregating
trended~suivi une tendance
idiocies~idioties
slapstick~comédie bouffonne
potted~mis en pot
breathless~à bout de souffle
ascending~Ascendant
underclass~underclass
nybbles~quartets
formally~formally
swayed~balancé
lukewarmly~tièdement
legitimisation's~de légitimation
heroics's~Années Heroics
Hallie~Hallie
Karamazov~Karamazov
jawed~jawed
massaged~massé
rendezvousing~rendezvousing
dogmatists~dogmatists
sends~envoie
vanadium's~vanadium de
brigades~brigades
orthodox~orthodoxe
prods~prods
collectedly~recueillement
enterprises~enterprises
buckle~Boucle
roistered~roistered
pantomimic~pantomimique
density~density
breathable~perméable à l'air
stalagmite's~Années stalagmites
argyle~argyle
Albireo~Albireo
telegraphic~télégraphique
amoebae~amibes
palliative~palliatif
statehood's~Etat de
redyed~redyed
namedropping~namedropping
basinfuls~basinfuls
portion~portion
mucilage~mucilage
keypad~clavier
highwayman's~Années Highwayman
sculptures~sculptures
attempted~tentative
businessman~homme d'affaire
overdrawing~surétirage
Kringle~kringle
gourds~gourds
Mace~masse
archivist's~archiviste de
overboard~à la mer
crybaby's~crybaby's
toying~toying
Bismarck's~Bismarck
camels~chameaux
sexist's~est sexiste
facile~facile
steers~bouvillons
ingeniousness~ingéniosité
upperclassmen~upperclassmen
groans~groans
fibrils~fibrils
lieutenant's~lieutenant de
arctic's~arctique de
fraternity~fraternity
Marina~Marina
reflector's~réflecteur de
onomatopoeic~onomatopéique
Arizona~Arizona
amaranths~amarante
impertinent~impertinent
duodenum~duodenum
miasma~miasme
creeks~creeks
spatter~éclabousser
redistributing~redistribuant
presupposition~présupposition
reciprocates~un mouvement alternatif
vamping~vamping
smokehouse's~de Smokehouse
prostrate~prostré
preventing~la prévention
detective's~detective's
erudite~erudite
consulship's~consulship's
cogently~de façon convaincante
evenest~evenest
Buchenwald~Buchenwald
odium's~de odium
unenviable~peu enviable
respiration~respiration
jockey~jockey
outfoxed~Outfoxed
rehearing~une nouvelle audition
veterinarian's~vétérinaire de
comedian~comédien
municipals~municipals
repackages~reconditionne
bleated~bêla
zaniest~loufoque
optician~opticien
quarry's~carrière de
inkier~inkier
rowdyism's~de rowdyism
finally~finally
Ginger~Gingembre
asymptotically~asymptotiquement
deviation~deviation
rarefaction's~de raréfaction
wellie~Wellie
moppet~moppet
dyeing~dyeing
gravesides~gravesides
Freetown's~Freetown de
track~Piste
bylines~bylines
armlet's~Années Armlet
Almach~Almach
vanquishes~vainc
anemometer's~de anémomètres
Orleans~Orléans
Figaro~Figaro
Lynette's~Lynette de
drake's~drake's
pectorals~pectorales
Instamatic~Instamatic
tracery~remplage
telnet~telnet
Poconos~poconos
workingwomen~travailleuses
radiotelegraphy's~radiotélégraphie de
Jobs's~Emplois de
password's~Les mots de passe
doomsday~doomsday
unsubscribing~désabonnement
ital~ital
laywomen~femmes laïques
caesura~césure
anthropoids~anthropoïdes
absentees~absents
breeze's~brise de
cirques~cirques
wrongness~inexactitude
assiduity~assiduité
merchandise~marchandise
scuppers~dalots
try's~essayez de
fern~fern
farsightedness~farsightedness
smile's~sourire de
condemnations~condamnations
roister~faire la fête
meaninglessness's~de l'insignifiance
threading~filetage
ponderousness's~pesanteurs de
Crookes~Crookes
earthed~earthed
normalising~normalisant
scheduling~planification
shrouding~ensevelissement
pawnbroker's~mont-de-piété
sabots~Sabots
childhood's~son enfance
multinational's~multinationale
kissoff~kissoff
nuthouse~Nuthouse
Perez's~Perez
gadfly's~gadfly's
spritzers~spritzers
slicker's~de Slicker
crisscrossing~crisscrossing
suppress~réprimer
slippage~glissement
elated~elated
Roberto~Roberto
disobeyed~disobeyed
weatherproofing~étanchéisation
coppers~coppers
humerus's~humérus de
sheerest~diaphanes
dehydrate~dehydrate
miriest~miriest
repaid~remboursé
mattress~matelas
capstans~cabestans
railroad~chemin de fer
effigy~effigy
treasonable~haute trahison
unspecific~non spécifique
honorarily~honorarily
Kalahari~Kalahari
rape~râpé
nonresistant~non résistant
Nintendo~Nintendo
hoards~thésaurisation
gentian's~gentian's
evoked~evoked
switchblades~switchblades
anew~un nouveau
Lamaze~Lamaze
bogosity~Bogosity
congregations~congrégations
spammer~spammeur
march's~mars de
overeager~trop zélé
bagpipers~cornemuseurs
Marlene's~Marlène
staler~moins enthousiastes
Esq's~Esq de
personals~Rencontres
theft's~le vol de
Marseillaises~Marseillaises
conventionally~conventionally
manacles~fers
chasms~précipices
palmist's~de chiromancien
tabulate~tabuler
antipodal~antipodes
rowelled~rowelled
carryovers~les crédits reportés
swearing~prestation de serment
excitedly~excitedly
meal's~repas
televangelists~télévangélistes
pavilions~pavillons
adze~herminette
Ethelred's~Ethelred de
Cardin's~Cardin de
trapezoids~trapèzes
wacker~wacker
Gina~Gina
organisations~organisations
quadrupled~quadruplée
cacophony~cacophonie
Xian~Xian
awful~terrible
prissier~prissier
Della~della
restitch~restitch
prenuptial~prénuptial
vacates~abandonne son poste
meringues~meringues
charmer~charmeur
mashup's~de mashup
archaisms~archaïsmes
throw~jeter
capering~cabrioles
rationalists~rationalistes
bentwood's~bentwood de
dealership's~dealership's
borderline~limite
prelacy~prélature
lighting~éclairage
solidarity~solidarité
demulcent's~demulcent's
Mai~Mai
acupressure's~de l'acupression
wallboard's~wallboard de
arbitrament's~arbitrament de
dobs~dobs
Aurora's~Aurora de
Mark's~Des notes
summoners~invocateurs
graybeard~graybeard
strengtheners~renforts
ridiculed~ridiculisé
destiny~destiny
Zaire~Zaïre
competence's~La compétence de
Samuelson's~Samuelson
membranous~membraneux
underpants's~Années caleçons
interpenetrating~interpénétration
cardsharper~tricheur
maleness~maleness
strict~strict
forecastle~forecastle
dustbin's~dustbin's
similarities~similitudes
doorbell's~doorbell's
excel~excel
Oxford~Oxford
converge~converge
fervour's~fervour's
lowercase's~minuscules de
ampersands~esperluette
culminates~culminates
correctional~correctional
bloodstained~ensanglantée
rotundity's~rotondité de
craw's~craw's
repayments~remboursements
preforming~préformage
Cliburn~Cliburn
overcrowded~surchargé
fruit's~fruit's
Arline's~Arline de
outargue~outargue
mystique~mystique
Alvarado~Alvarado
glossed~glossed
ourselves~nous-mêmes
breeders~éleveurs
lodestar~étoile polaire
denial's~denial's
camp~camp
cafeteria~cafétéria
numismatist~numismate
goer~goer
capeskin's~capeskin de
Calvinists~calvinistes
feature~feature
Franny~Franny
recrossing~retraverser
forging's~forging's
agape~bouche bée
zeta's~zeta de
subcontractor~sous-traitant
alehouses~alehouses
cyberspace~cyberspace
amplification~amplification
reconciliation's~la réconciliation de
wrongest~wrongest
demographers~demographers
Bono~Bono
Blankenship's~Blankenship de
catalysing~catalysant
burrower's~de fouisseur
reach~atteindre
flip~flip
Beverly's~Beverly de
revivified~revivifié
eeriest~eeriest
acculturates~acculturates
Mitchel's~Mitchel de
push~pousser
otter's~loutre de
augmentation's~augmentation de
Puebla~Puebla
subtenancy~sous-location
gig's~gig's
dimness~dimness
bumping~cognant
preordains~prédestine
speciously~spécieuse
blasted~foudroyé
Septuagint's~Septante de
Moussorgsky~Moussorgsky
soupiest~soupiest
relaxers~défrisants
hertz's~hertz de
Perkins~Perkins
conspicuously~bien en évidence
understates~sous-estime
skein's~écheveau de
likeableness's~likeableness de
pumpers~autopompes
Wm's~Wm de
falloff~falloff
potluck~repas-partage
Rastafarians~rastas
cautions~mises en garde
hone's~hone de
amusement~amusement
boast~se vanter
partisan's~de partisans
punctilio's~punctilio de
cottony~cottony
scurvier~scurvier
Permalloy's~permalloy de
amniocenteses~amniocentèses
skimpiness's~skimpiness de
displacement's~displacement's
cougar's~cougar's
booklets~brochures
pterodactyls~ptérodactyles
shallow's~de faible profondeur
matchbox's~Matchbox de
polliwog~polliwog
Prince~Prince
readings~lectures
full's~full's
beguines~béguines
dabber~dabber
Sunni's~de sunnites
Bolshevik~bolchevique
keypunched~keypunched
easels~easels
colostrum~colostrum
validness's~valable jusqu'au de
dissection~dissection
Livonia~Livonia
licentiate's~licentiate de
sicko~Sicko
nebulous~nébuleux
hairless~hairless
bondage's~de l'esclavage
uncomprehendingly~sans comprendre
Luxembourgers~Luxembourgeois
sorcerer's~sORCIER
harebell's~harebell's
hackney~hackney
threaders~threaders
postman's~postman
trefoil's~minette de
cloisonne's~Années cloisonne
expedience's~expedience's
Kris~Kris
decadency~decadency
couch's~couch's
Osgood~Osgood
handhold's~handhold's
Theodore's~Théodore
Yoko's~Yoko
shoos~shoos
elucidating~elucidating
kayos~Kayos
fluffy~fluffy
Brigid~Brigid
pewter~étain
contortionist~contortionist
Wotan~Wotan
Ericka's~Ericka de
passers~passants
slagheaps~crassiers
teenagers~adolescents
nondrinker's~nondrinker de
airings~airings
Conway~Conway
decampment's~decampment's
Alta~Alta
Mira's~Mira de
PBS's~PBS de
milligram's~milligramme de
partied~la fête
restoration's~la restauration de
counterargument~counterargument
Bela's~Bela de
capstone~Capstone
impediment's~obstacle de
hostile's~de hostiles
dotards~dotards
indwell~indwell
shamefacedly~penaud
rater~Rater
recognisance's~de recognisance
serviceman's~de serviceman
crisped~crisped
Itasca~Itasca
proctor's~Proctor
cookery~cookery
alteration's~modification de
delta~delta
seignior's~de seigneur
falsities~falsities
snouts~museaux
astutest~astutest
lobbyist~lobbyiste
complication~complication
canonised~canonisé
Bissau's~Bissau de
highboys~highboys
friendless~friendless
catbird~catbird
riverbed~lit de rivière
tugboat~remorqueur
philosophies~philosophies
congregate~se rassembler
Yenisei's~Ienisseï de
umped~umped
books~livres
gratified~gratified
credential's~credential's
pug's~de carlin
scarped~escarpé
Puritanism's~puritanisme de
bootlace~lacet
flouncing~flouncing
sketchbook~sketchbook
aristocracies~aristocraties
scores~scores
photoengrave~photoengrave
reconnects~reconnexions
raggedest~raggedest
Allies~alliés
illiterate's~de analphabètes
paraprofessional's~paraprofessionnel de
springy~élastique
pommelled~coups à Olivier
Enkidu's~Enkidu de
stateswoman~femme d'Etat
sopping~sopping
parry~parer
recapture~reprise
Hardy~Robuste
regurgitation's~de régurgitation
analogical~analogique
mythology~mythologie
instituter~instituter
brininess~brininess
Panama's~PANAMA
waterside~riverain
sweetener's~édulcorant de
Lafitte's~Lafitte de
satirises~satirise
tideways~Tideways
manumissions~affranchissements
Darrell~Darrell
newspaper's~journal de
Hefner's~Hefner de
consumables~consumables
tingling's~de picotements
runoff~ruissellement
onlookers~spectateurs
coldness's~froideur de
Pate's~Pate de
overmuches~overmuches
aerate~aérer
world~monde
Stephanie's~Stéphanie
quivering~frémissement
Luzon~Luçon
elicitation's~elicitation's
sorter~trieur
russet's~roussâtre de
observes~observe
rhino's~Rhino
eyeliner's~eyeliner's
duelling~duelling
weed's~mauvaises herbes
ungenerous~mesquine
scowled~renfrogné
Guernseys~Guernseys
masquerade's~mascarade de
hiccoughs~hoquets
specifier~spécificateur
babiest~babiest
napalmed~napalm
acrobat's~acrobate de
transitiveness~transitivité
Selznick~Selznick
Walesa~Walesa
decorating's~decorating's
hybridisation's~de l'hybridation
spangled~pailleté
scandium's~de scandium
telegrapher's~de télégraphiste
brunching~bruncher
communicated~communiqué
impels~pousse
phantasms~phantasmes
Alden~Alden
eroding~eroding
registration's~l'enregistrement de
mortar~mortier
malathion's~de malathion
judging~juger
doctor's~doctor's
physiognomy's~physionomie de
gherkin's~gherkin's
insides~intérieur
hibernator's~de hibernant
pollinators~pollinisateurs
turtle's~tortue des années
grating's~grating's
provocativeness~attitude provocante
Staci~Staci
fundamentalists~fundamentalists
reissue's~réémission de
president's~président de
creepily~creepily
entreated~entreated
foresail's~foresail's
acropolises~acropole
Ronstadt~Ronstadt
Denver's~Denver de
Nicaraguans~Nicaraguayens
mitts~moufles
Welshwoman~Galloise
Khachaturian's~Khachaturian de
tying~attachement
rep~représentant
theatre~théâtre
breaststroke~brasse
elixir~elixir
loneliness's~de la solitude
covertness~covertness
abalones~ormeaux
bounty~prime
branders~branders
agitating~agitation
astounds~stupéfie
busies~busies
seasonal~saisonnier
currants~currants
instillation's~instillation de
mule~mule
misjudged~mal jugé
Sept's~septembre de
Izvestia~izvestia
fichu's~fichu's
title's~le titre de
implosive~implosive
respect~le respect
Balfour~Balfour
baroque's~baroque de
kleptomania's~cleptomanie de
brinier~brinier
AMD~AMD
schizophrenia's~de la schizophrénie
unqualified~sans réserve
bifurcations~bifurcations
slab's~dalle de
bloom's~Bloom
despoliation~despoliation
Gay~gai
scalded~échaudée
carbonation's~de carbonatation
redetermines~redétermine
calabashes~calebasses
kibitzing~kibitzing
shattering~bouleversant
Que~Que
dim~dim
muscle's~muscles
mart's~Mart
mustering~rassemblement
division~division
cahoot~Cahoot
meteorites~météorites
percale~percale
subfamily~sous-famille
spiritedly~spiritedly
insignificance's~de l'insignifiance
demobilisation~demobilisation
punctured~crevé
heelless~sans talon
Brandi~Brandi
physiotherapist~physiothérapeute
puppet's~marionnette de
countercultures~countercultures
garnish's~garnish's
sidebars~sidebars
infestations~infestations
Bogota's~Bogota de
obedience~obéissance
AC~AC
human's~humains
imperative's~est impératif
reprove~réprouver
phrasebooks~lexiques
coldness~froideur
paternity~paternité
prize's~prix de
orphaning~enfants orphelins
lizard's~lézard de
unattended~sans surveillance
denudation's~denudation's
eggcup's~eggcup's
Snyder's~Snyder
aquatic's~aquatique de
photon's~photon de
percent~pour cent
rollbacks~rollbacks
immure~emmurer
Nunez~Nunez
paraffin's~paraffine de
NBC~NBC
unfortunate's~est malheureux
newswomen~newswomen
diatribe~diatribe
Crucifixion~Crucifixion
cirrhotic's~cirrhotique de
feedback's~feedback's
clodhopper's~Années Clodhopper
cont~cont
bathhouses~bains
bullfrog's~Bullfrog de
republishing~republication
administration~administration
Pyle~Pyle
Hewitt~Hewitt
modifiers~modificateurs
Clausius's~Clausius de
Kerr~Kerr
wow's~WoW
liturgically~liturgiquement
chinchilla~chinchilla
Transvaal~Transvaal
circumference~circonférence
fuselage's~fuselage's
metamorphism's~de métamorphisme
capacitor~condensateur
grinning~grinning
Prussians~Prussiens
derangement's~derangement's
cunt's~cunt's
stalemating~stalemating
addenda~addendas
midway~à mi-chemin
futurism's~futurism's
inscrutability's~de impénétrabilité
chit's~chit de
response's~de réponse
pesto's~pesto de
announcement~annonce
strain's~souche de
rummage's~de rummage
reflating~reflation
outdoors~en plein air
freshet~freshet
overshooting~surréaction
popularly~populairement
competitor's~concurrent
anapests~anapestes
obstruct~obstruer
circlets~petits cercles
unexplained~inexpliqué
overfull~trop plein
retrospect's~Avec le recul de
necromancers~nécromanciens
residues~résidus
touches~touches
sceptre~sceptre
crimsoned~crimsoned
preachy~sermonneur
hackneys~hackneys
protraction~prolongation
equatorial~equatorial
burgomaster~bourgmestre
invited~invité
Barber's~Barber
shoplifters~voleurs à l'étalage
backhoes~rétrocaveuses
dividend~dividend
mindsets~façons de penser
TelePrompter~prompteur
unapproachable~inabordable
snootiness~snootiness
paparazzi~paparazzi
ambuscading~ambuscading
Sheraton's~Sheraton de
King~Roi
soothes~siège
subjection~sujétion
photojournalism~photojournalisme
Gehenna's~Géhenne de
save~enregistrer
Psalter~Psautier
intercept's~interception de
Tojo~Tojo
spokeswoman's~porte-parole de
chick's~poussin de
Melvin~Melvin
Joseph's~Joseph
gigapixel's~gigapixel's
devalues~devalues
oil~pétrole
peer~pair
spoofing~l'usurpation d'identité
seismology~sismologie
Douala's~Douala de
premixes~prémélanges
photoengraver's~photograveur de
euphoria~euphoria
operational~opérationnel
Manx~Manx
bigamy~bigamie
arguers~argumentateurs
smokiness's~smokiness de
calamari~calamars
dulling~dulling
pricklier~pricklier
confabulations~affabulations
Proserpina~Proserpine
unnaturally~non naturelle
conscience's~conscience de
uniquely~unique
Kendrick~Kendrick
backs~dos
Camden's~Camden de
hogtied~hogtied
adversity's~de l'adversité
kidney's~reins
lunchroom~salle à manger
anarchy~anarchie
trainee~stagiaire
dryads~dryads
grapeshot~grapeshot
archdiocese~archidiocèse
resonantly~résonnante
queues~files d'attente
roundworms~ascaris
concupiscence~concupiscence
Dolores~Dolores
forgetting~forgetting
poetically~poétiquement
falsest~falsest
preoperative~pré-opératoire
solicitor's~l'avocat de
metaphysics's~de la métaphysique
mite~mite
hallowing~hallowing
subsequent~subséquent
beggar~mendiant
nibbler's~grignoteuse de
accrediting~accréditant
epilogues~epilogues
kaftan~caftan
thine~le tien
gamete's~gamete's
Lancashire's~Lancashire de
antivenin~antivenin
exhibition's~exhibition's
Gouda~Gouda
positions~positions
rennet's~Années présure
panhandle's~Panhandle de
purgatory~purgatoire
vibratos~vibratos
ovenware~plats allant au four
enemas~enemas
impatiently~impatiemment
freestyle~freestyle
earrings~earrings
grape~grape
harbour~harbour
shipload~shipload
lupin's~lupin de
extrudes~extrudes
windlasses~cabestans
Ni's~Ni de
thickening's~épaississement de
USO~USO
aye~toujours
gussies~gussies
pricks~aiguillons
Aden's~Aden de
examiner's~examiner's
sneak~se faufiler
smelt~éperlan
Lewis's~Lewis
farrowed~farrowed
weatherises~weatherises
trivial~banal
entrancing~entrancing
cotillion's~cotillion's
pygmy's~pygmées de
aggrandisement's~glorification de
dissident~dissident
improper~non conforme
gilding~gilding
enlivenment's~enlivenment's
lug~patte
beet's~betteraves
Diem~Diem
ragamuffin's~Ragamuffin de
overawes~intimide
Estella~Estella
crispy~crispy
impedimenta's~Années Bonemine
blackmailers~maîtres-chanteurs
slattern~souillon
end~end
cramping's~cramping's
Swansea's~Swansea de
balladeer's~Années Balladeer
attribute~attribut
recirculated~recirculé
MW~MW
postpaid~port payé
reworking~reprise
overhang~surplomb
honeying~honeying
childcare~garde d'enfants
adjuncts~adjonctions
fayest~fayest
bandoleer's~bandoleer de
glosses~glosses
modulations~modulations
strop's~estrope de
eaglets~eaglets
basket's~panier de
lorgnette~lorgnette
hoofer~Hoofer
trust~confiance
positivism~positivisme
Rosanna's~Rosanna de
seraph's~séraphin de
torch's~torche de
Freya's~Freya de
backwoodsman's~de backwoodsman
Heaviside~Heaviside
reliability~fiabilité
romanticist~romanticist
fluorite's~fluorite's
Occidentals~occidentals
demystifying~demystifying
muckiest~muckiest
reload~recharger
mantelshelf~mantelshelf
Xenakis~Xenakis
bugs~bogues
spuriousness's~spuriousness de
saguaro~saguaro
Albuquerque~Albuquerque
finis~finis
buzzword's~mot à la mode
canticle~cantique
swordsmen~sabreurs
Martinique's~Martinique de
masochist's~de masochist
palliatives~palliatives
ungrammatically~grammaticalement
paddler's~de pagayeur
choke's~étrangleur de
hydrolysis~hydrolyse
geodetic~geodetic
Cranmer's~Cranmer de
turbidity's~turbidité de
triplexes~triplexes
calamity~calamité
keyboarder~claviste
ecumenically~ecumenically
detain~detain
synopses~synopses
archaist's~archaist de
beheld~être tenu
hustles~hâtes
dotard's~dotard's
stanza~strophe
lawgivers~législateurs
preposterous~absurde
fantastical~fantastical
silkworm~ver à soie
entertainment's~entertainment's
Scotland~Écosse
sconce's~bougeoir de
throttler's~de throttler
adjutants~adjudants
farrago's~farrago's
nightclub's~les boites de nuit
whinging~jérémiades
irradiated~irradiée
fuselage~fuselage
wetland~des zones humides
puritans~puritains
snowline~snowline
samarium's~samarium de
guffaw~guffaw
powerlessness's~l'impuissance de
shearers~tondeurs
rhapsodic~rhapsodique
eremite~eremite
portability~portabilité
smoulder's~smolder de
rumps~croupions
sectarianism~sectarisme
refuter~réfutateur
woodcutter's~de bucheron
distinction's~distinction's
amidships~au milieu du navire
cairn's~cairn de
platter's~plateau de
locus's~Années locus
maid's~servantes
sterilisations~stérilisations
Khyber's~Khyber de
Purim~Pourim
ideogram's~de idéogramme
drill's~drill's
emigre~emigre
urban~Urbain
esplanades~esplanades
Santos's~Années Santos
attacks~attaques
inductance's~inductance de
whizzed~siffla
chair's~chaises
anapestic's~anapestic de
arraigned~mis en accusation
gaiter~gaiter
rhubarb~Rhubarbe
liverwurst~pâté de foie
virtuousness's~virtuousness de
stifle~étouffer
Malthus's~Malthus
chloroplast~chloroplaste
nostril's~naseau de
pathway~sentier
Charybdis~Scylla
corporation's~corporation's
heydays~apogées
reconvert~retransformer
ennobling~ennobling
keystroke's~combinaison de touches de
Tiberius~Tibère
timothy's~fléole de
crunchiness's~crunchiness's
Olduvai's~Olduvai de
fiscal's~fiscal's
causer~Causer
yesterday's~hier
girded~girded
detect~detect
podium's~podium de
contemporary~contemporary
reader's~lecteur de
impudent~impudent
consumerism~consumerism
herpetologist's~de herpétologiste
AOL~AOL
dishearten~dishearten
render~rendre
debacles~debacles
levitation~lévitation
grapevine's~grapevine's
housework's~travaux de ménage de
inalienable~inaliénable
Haywood's~Haywood de
priggish~pharisaïque
doge~doge
misbehaves~se comporte mal
missioner~missaire
shoehorned~shoehorned
huffier~huffier
decoy's~decoy's
sundial's~cadran solaire de
armlet~brassard
Giraudoux~Giraudoux
thinner~plus mince
extracellular~extracellular
Ramadans~Ramadans
ethic's~ethic's
affability~affabilité
newsy~plein de nouvelles
apostrophe's~Années apostrophes
Joanne~Joanne
bookings~réservations
depressive~depressive
grok~grok
appallingly~épouvantablement
crucifix's~crucifix's
outlook~perspective
expediter's~expediter's
Slav~slave
lours~lours
lobotomise~lobotomise
snaffles~bridons
spinally~spinale
indistinctness~indistinction
tell~dire
sludge~boue
disembody~disembody
voyageur~Voyageur
risk's~risques
contiguous~contiguous
osteoarthritis's~de l'arthrose
Cheney~Cheney
hider's~Hider de
Zambia's~ZAMBIE
recycling's~le recyclage de
radiantly~radieusement
peepholes~judas
Milwaukee's~Milwaukee de
Masaryk~Masaryk
switchers~switchers
fossil~fossil
Vincent's~Vincent
marksman's~de tireur d'élite
hexadecimal~hexadécimal
enjambments~enjambments
valley's~vallée de
shaker~shaker
sabbath's~Shabbat de
very~très
deconstruct~deconstruct
reformatting~reformatage
recompiling~recompilation
charwomen~femmes de ménage
Casio~Casio
obtrudes~obtrudes
sappers~sapeurs
Karina~Karina
mindlessly~sans réfléchir
wishbones~wishbones
serialises~sérialise
oakum~étoupe
tollgates~barrières de péage
rasp~râpe
swats~swats
deprogramming~deprogramming
regiments~régiments
harmless~harmless
committeewoman~Committeewoman
rapid's~rapides
abhor~abhorrer
scrutineers~scrutatrices
Belau~belau
barmen~barmen
doorkeeper~doorkeeper
slouchers~slouchers
undernourishment~sous-alimentation
instrumentalist~instrumentaliste
lass's~Années lass
Charbray~Charbray
rotary's~rotatif de
gantlet's~gantlet's
SE~SE
crupper's~crupper's
quarterfinal's~quarts de finale
homage~hommage
incarnadine~incarnat
mutuality's~de réciprocité
Americas~Amériques
litigation's~litiges de
countermeasures~countermeasures
AI~AI
dribbles~dribbles
revival's~renaissance de
ninepins~jeu de quilles
foregoes~foregoes
Renascence~Renaissance
manoeuvres~manoeuvres
casebooks~recueils
Abrams~Abrams
mozzarella~mozzarella
amid~parmi
centrals~centrales
hydroplaning~aquaplanage
disbelieving~disbelieving
therm~thermie
codes~codes
venerated~vénérée
Dunedin~Dunedin
Savonarola~Savonarole
reefers~reefers
oatmeal's~la farine d'avoine de
infer~déduire
regularisation~régularisation
reconnected~reconnecté
unholy~impie
Theiler's~Theiler de
roundels~cocardes
apogee's~apogee de
hindrances~empêchements
overbuy~overbuy
hereon~contient sont
burgundy~Bourgogne
yank~coup sec
European's~européenne de
crumpled~crumpled
tobaccos~tabac
weaponizing~arsenalisation
epigrams~epigrams
overlooking~qui donne sur
decor~decor
presto~presto
echelon~echelon
Alabaman~Alabaman
Reformation's~Réforme de
abysmal~épouvantable
lithographed~lithographié
immaturely~immaturely
sheepskin~peau de mouton
decriminalised~decriminalised
Elbert~Elbert
nefariousness~nefariousness
chivalrousness~chivalrousness
analogousness~analogousness
interstates~interstates
bordering~bordage
Sunnyvale's~Sunnyvale de
listed~la liste
iodise~ioder
layettes~layettes
resubscribe~réabonner
anopheles's~de anophèles
gravestones~gravestones
levier's~de levier
mintage's~monnayage de
anteroom~antichambre
Jamestown~Jamestown
discomfort's~discomfort's
Klondikes~Klondikes
cooperativeness's~cooperativeness's
testily~d'un air irrité
Jacobi~Jacobi
bulge's~bombement de
abates~se calme
effs~effs
assureds~les assurés
redeem~racheter
ensuing~ensuing
palladium~palladium
cambric~batiste
heed's~attention de
trundlers~trundlers
Kandinsky's~Kandinsky
protectorate~protectorat
Moet's~moet de
Venus~Vénus
most's~la plupart de
communicably~communicable
least~moins
Ferris~Ferris
bargains~bonnes affaires
reactivity~réactivité
moor's~maure de
Azerbaijanis~Azerbaïdjanais
Monmouth's~Monmouth de
lawman's~homme de loi de
Burberry~Burberry
biodegradability~biodégradabilité
Vaselines~Vaselines
declaration's~declaration's
greedily~greedily
Layamon~Layamon
bitumen's~de bitume
clambered~grimpa
sweetening's~édulcorants de
napalm's~de napalm
similarity's~similitude de
discounts~discounts
pigskin's~peau de porc de
watermelons~pastèques
fays~fays
causality's~Causalités
infectiousness~infectiosité
chilli's~piment de
phallus's~Années phallus
zebus~zébus
reaffirms~réaffirme
Brazos's~Brazos de
defrock~defrock
flyweight~flyweight
spread~propager
ionospheric~ionosphérique
gracefulness~gracefulness
untouchable~intouchable
cavern~caverne
perjury's~de faux témoignage
clothespin's~de pince à linge
nonvocal~non vocaux
Dawson's~Dawson de
martingales~martingales
lure~leurre
racetrack~piste de course
Saturnalia's~Saturnales de
handbarrow's~handbarrow's
teleprompters~prompteurs
countermand~countermand
seepage's~infiltration de
hardly~hardly
mercerise~MERCERISE
Theodosius~Théodose
goner~goner
Xuzhou~xuzhou
cigar's~cigare de
trivially~trivialement
gimmick's~gimmick's
Carranza's~Carranza de
bolls~bolls
equalisation's~equalisation's
doing's~doing's
sniffer's~renifleur de
walkabouts~Walkabouts
regret's~regrets
recounting~recomptage
Reno~Reno
contagiousness's~contagiousness's
industrialist's~industriel de
husk~décortiquer
trickiest~plus délicate
pasteboard's~de pasteboard
loudmouthed~gueulard
codifications~codifications
conventicle's~conventicle's
blacken~noircir
brushoff's~brushoff de
Gracchus's~Gracchus de
enslaves~enslaves
mainline~ligne principale
pronounceable~prononçable
jubilees~jubilés
towered~se dressait
Mandrell's~Mandrell de
derringer's~derringer's
Ginsu's~Ginsu de
planing~rabotage
pollination~pollinisation
xiv~xiv
worthless~vain
NASA's~NASA
Biddle~Biddle
aircraft's~avions de
deceasing~deceasing
dissenter~dissenter
telegraphist~télégraphiste
squirm~se tortiller
buckeye's~Buckeye de
Palestinians~Palestiniens
croon's~croon's
connubial~conjugal
liquoring~nourriture en bain
modulus~module
snored~ronflé
Feynman~Feynman
clanks~résonne
betrayal~trahison
traduce~calomnier
Dane~Danois
poncho's~poncho
describes~describes
pensionable~ouvrant droit à pension
farm's~farm's
doubtfully~doubtfully
Ha's~A
coves~coves
tortellini~tortellini
veritable~véritable
queued~mis en attente
Watkins's~Watkins de
curvatures~curvatures
Degas's~Degas
exhortation~exhortation
Smyrna~Smyrne
rejig~ReJig
artwork~ouvrages d'art
Deadhead's~Années Deadhead
terry's~Terry
autodidact's~de qu'autodidacte
caner~caner
snooping~espionnage
emanation's~emanation's
postured~postured
Thor~Thor
lasagne's~lasagnes de
supercargoes~subrécargues
Fergus~Fergus
leave~laisser
ventral~ventral
airwomen~aviatrices
guzzles~guzzles
drenched~drenched
novenae~novenae
q~q
draughts~draughts
percolator's~de percolateur
Booth~Cabine
Lie~Mensonge
teasel's~Années cardère
Sontag's~Sontag de
announcer's~annonceur de
hayseeds~hayseeds
dowdiness~dowdiness
didactically~didactically
correlation~correlation
fruition~fruition
crematorium's~crematorium's
bony~osseux
Britt~Britt
revealing~révélateur
widener~Widener
moderateness's~de modicité
blunter~émoussée
speciousness~spécieux
expendable's~expendable's
chortled~gloussé
transpose~transposer
emptying~emptying
porringer's~écuelle de
nanosecond's~nanoseconde de
cannibalising~cannibaliser
Hershel~Hershel
countervails~countervails
alimony's~de la pension alimentaire
bruise~bleu
subdued~tamisé
Matthias's~Matthias de
gopher's~gopher's
drugged~drugged
Sabbaths~sabbats
allele~allèle
splints~attelles
Ivory's~Ivoire de
refilled~rechargées
recapitulation~récapitulation
destructively~destructively
bill~facture
originators~originateurs
redeposit~redéposer
kraals~kraals
wheeze~sifflante
inundate~inonder
touchscreens~écrans tactiles
fruitlessness's~fruitlessness's
wicker~osier
bloodshed's~de sang
Fuji's~Années Fuji
glowingly~glowingly
centralise~centraliser
placing~placement
renouncement's~de renoncement
lubricity~lubricité
stirrup's~années étrier
drover's~drover's
antiperspirant's~antisudorifique de
gusto's~gusto's
entrapment's~entrapment's
tatters~lambeaux
reexported~réexportées
pox~variole
puzzling~déroutant
flyovers~flyovers
Flanders~Flandre
officiated~officié
dissimilarity's~dissimilarity's
retrieval's~récupération de
mastiff's~de dogue
nincompoops~nigauds
bleeper's~de Bleeper
sunscreen~crème solaire
stereoscopic~stéréoscopique
ogle~lorgner
remotest~plus éloigné
reddens~rougissent
Aristophanes~Aristophane
returnable~consigné
shanghaied~Shanghaied
gulling~gulling
scrawly~Scrawly
meningitis's~Années méningite
vocalisations~vocalisations
uncloaking~Suppression du voile
Reunion's~Réunion de
conspiratorially~conspirateur
functionary~functionary
matte~mat
Kari's~Kari
acreage's~la superficie de
neocolonialism's~de néocolonialisme
disrobing~disrobing
doter~doter
backpackers~routards
insinuative~insinuative
outstayed~outstayed
streamed~transmis en continu
Macmillan's~Macmillan
speedy~rapide
concedes~concède
melanoma~mélanome
revivalist~revivaliste
Charlene's~Charlene de
wage~salaire
uninterrupted~ininterrompu
disinterest's~disinterest's
text~texte
notate~annoter
addition's~plus de
browns~browns
bumph~bumph
wreaks~wreaks
timothy~Timothée
batiks~batiks
quirkiest~plus excentrique
haberdashery's~haberdashery's
liking's~son goût
wrestles~se bat
dinnered~dinnered
ideals~idéaux
pacesetter~meneur de train
Priam's~Priam de
enterprise's~enterprise's
Shana~Shana
Rhoda~Rhoda
equivocates~equivocates
innovators~innovateurs
gravestone's~gravestone's
confronts~confronte
fault's~fault's
cotyledon~cotyledon
cacao~cacao
cherub's~de chérubin
tanned~bronzé
Python's~Python
construed~construed
beakers~béchers
notwithstanding~malgré
counterpetition~counterpetition
basement~sous-sol
houseboy~houseboy
riverside's~rivière de
Duracell~Duracell
Pratt~Pratt
muss's~Années muss
wildflower~fleurs sauvages
softener~adoucisseur
pinprick's~piqûre de
commemorates~commémore
compartmentalisation's~de compartimentage
excavators~excavators
delimitation's~delimitation's
mendacity~fausseté
Dino~Dino
Zululand~Zululand
tubby~dodu
occultist~occultiste
innit~innit
sanded~sablé
Yank's~Yank de
setting's~paramètres
carcinoma~carcinome
demimondaine~demimondaine
dazzled~dazzled
postulations~postulations
reassigned~réaffecté
hairdresser~hairdresser
tabletop~dessus de la table
disbands~disbands
reassign~réassigner
outgrows~devient trop
flowerier~flowerier
pooches~cabots
pt~pt
reflective~réfléchissant
breezed~coup de vent
sandman's~sandman de
Bremen's~Années Brême
Chi~Chi
AMD's~AMD
centrifugal~centrifuge
mambas~Mambas
Franny's~Franny de
griming~griming
diffraction~diffraction
Remus's~Remus
capriciously~capricieusement
caravan~caravane
pore's~pores de
cradles~cradles
milf~MILF
derange~derange
unskilled~inexpérimenté
autograph's~autographe de
Branden's~Branden de
trachea~trachée
trisected~trisected
jocosely~jocosely
complexional~complexional
mispronunciations~fautes de prononciation
variably~variablement
transected~sectionnée
crumb~crumb
independents~indépendants
socialism's~du socialisme
intransitive~intransitif
chancier~chancier
zirconium's~zirconium de
washbowls~lave-mains
wetbacks~wetbacks
Boone's~Boone de
vacated~laissé vacant
Boers~boers
reworded~reformulé
slickness's~slickness de
admonitory~moralisateur
wholesales~Wholesales
sputum~expectorations
Clara's~Clara
Philippine's~philippine de
phonics~phoniques
Reinhold's~Reinhold
bureaucracy's~la bureaucratie de
overcompensate~surcompenser
unprocessed~non transformés
furring's~furring's
bite~mordre
wholefood~aliments entiers
eras~eras
nefarious~infâme
gigs~gigs
hypnotherapy~hypnothérapie
friar's~friar's
tax's~de l'impôt
twirl~tournoiement
wacko~wacko
Terrance's~Terrance de
binned~Regroupé par casiers
kidders~kidders
criminal~criminal
saturate~saturer
Drake's~Drake
alongshore~alongshore
cremation's~cremation's
basinful's~Années basinful
boardwalks~trottoirs de bois
depress~depress
pry~pry
Fatah's~Fatah
gaiter's~gaiter's
flightiness~flightiness
trews~trews
entrails's~entrails's
moire's~moiré de
hydrologist~hydrologue
invoice's~facture des années
shocking~choquant
reshaped~remodelé
Myrtle's~Myrtle de
Airedale's~Airedale de
dos~dos
boomboxes~boomboxes
phalli~phallus
jojoba~jojoba
Krista~Krista
NHL~LNH
terminates~se termine
soils~sols
TBA~TBA
Eritrea's~Érythrée de
Napoleonic~napoléonienne
clerical~clérical
hive's~urticaire
insufficient~insuffisant
Bluebeard's~Barbe-Bleue
Bernhardt's~Bernhardt
toting~trimballer
amercement~amercement
tabor's~Tabor
Romano~Romano
geisha's~geisha's
manumitting~affranchi
invasion~invasion
purchasing~achat
adrenaline~adrénaline
woollen's~lainages
creeps~creeps
Annam~Annam
inimitable~inimitable
Garrick~Garrick
sourly~aigrement
java~Java
haziness~état brumeux
Bessel~Bessel
proliferates~prolifère
fatefulness's~fatefulness's
aerograms~aérogrammes
scintillation~scintillation
flaunt~flaunt
Pasternak~Pasternak
Scruggs's~Scruggs de
uniform~uniforme
manoeuvred~manoeuvré
ottoman's~ottomane de
rosette's~rosette
calico~calicot
uproar~tumulte
pigments~pigments
putts~putts
bloated~gonflé
deportation~deportation
archaeologically~archéologiquement
opalescence's~de opalescence
quartets~quatuors
Deirdre's~Deirdre de
pineapple's~Ananas
transsexual's~transsexuel de
polygonal~polygonal
jitterbug's~de Jitterbug
passel's~de passel
congealed~coagulé
codify~codifier
xterm~xterm
mangetout~mange-tout
Thurmond~Thurmond
overview's~Vue d'ensemble de
mandamus's~de mandamus
fortification's~fortification's
furnishings's~furnishings's
sedation's~de sédation
immigrated~immigré
Heineken's~Heineken de
audibly~distinctement
spinal~spinal
art~art
untrod~untrod
Delibes's~Années Delibes
quantification~quantification
baptisers~baptiseurs
progestin~progestatif
More~Plus
piecemeal~au coup par coup
danish~danish
moccasin's~Années mocassin
bakes~fait cuire au four
mattresses~matelas
seatmates~seatmates
quakes~tremblements de terre
defoliation~defoliation
infields~infields
consuming~consuming
bombardment~bombardement
scar's~cicatrice de
birdie's~birdie de
Mary~Marie
pippin's~Pippin de
saggier~saggier
IMNSHO~IMNSHO
floozy~floozy
gook's~gook's
fluent~fluent
shooting's~de tir
slowpoke~lambin
culotte's~culotte's
adhesion~adhésion
optimist~optimiste
redone~refait à neuf
lowish~lowish
ice~la glace
six~six
sprocket's~pignon de
compulsory's~obligatoire de
Kleenexes~Kleenex
hardbacks~hardbacks
alkali~alcali
parasite's~parasites
who'd~qui avait
simply~simplement
vanillas~vanilles
toque~toque
ogresses~ogresses
basest~vile
unconstitutional~inconstitutionnel
bracket's~supports
dissolutely~dissolutely
affectedly~affectedly
Olive~olive
Fahrenheit~Fahrenheit
enfiladed~enfiladed
threatens~menace
serrate~dentelé
excitement~excitement
Barnabas's~Années Barnabas
swarmed~essaimé
touchiness~susceptibilité
bullion~lingots
precision~précision
warheads~têtes
Murmansk's~Mourmansk de
congruent~conforme
jailbirds~taulards
blinkers~clignotants
d~d
Tertiary~Tertiaire
Somalians~Somaliennes
goth~goth
granary's~granary's
hording~hording
referencing~référencement
Valkyrie's~Valkyrie de
colonel~colonel
deli's~deli's
surcharging~surtaxant
uncensored~non censurée
affectation's~afféterie de
Annmarie's~annmarie de
impacting~impact
oversell~survendre
cannibalise~cannibaliser
myelitis's~Années myélite
plenteous~abondant
palomino's~Palomino de
gridlocks~gridlocks
Keith~Keith
demilitarisation's~demilitarisation's
rootlets~radicelles
nonsupporting~nonsupporting
Yale's~Yale de
explications~explications
lambada's~lambada de
lovey~Lovey
cheerer~cheerer
camcorder's~caméscope de
handicappers~handicappers
Ishtar's~Ishtar de
laughable~ridicule
disobliged~disobliged
latitude~latitude
arr~arr
leghorn's~leghorn de
Yuletide~Yuletide
fibreglass's~fibreglass's
mirage~mirage
evacuee's~evacuee's
squareness~rectitude
giblet~giblet
immersible~immergeable
capturing~capture
gigapixel~gigapixel
Pole's~pôle de
geog~geog
vessels~navires
peroration~péroraison
validates~Valide
Zen's~Zen de
bullishly~bullishly
Harrisburg~Harrisburg
customising~customising
MySpace's~MySpace de
measuring~mesure
neurology~neurologie
sis's~sis de
QA~QA
intaglios~intailles
intimating~intimant
courageously~courageously
regularisation's~régularisation de
exhaling~exhaling
limitlessness's~de illimitation
recursions~récurrences
cynicism~cynicism
Mauritania~Mauritanie
singularity's~singularité de
recall's~rappel de
girlhoods~girlhoods
clarifies~précise
fly~fly
hulled~décortiquées
Hawaiians~Hawaïens
combining~combinant
pygmy~pygmée
disappointment~disappointment
snooty~prétentieux
whiteness's~la blancheur de
fermium~fermium
jackrabbit's~de Jackrabbit
Zenger's~Zenger
spiels~spiels
apogee~apogée
cattiness~rosserie
bountifully~libéralement
exposed~exposed
outperform~surpasser
Fotomat~Fotomat
base~base
cliometrician~cliometrician
gowns~gowns
Phekda~Phekda
gearing's~gearing's
evenhanded~evenhanded
thinness's~maigreur de
sharia's~sharia de
truisms~truismes
contours~contours
condoms~préservatifs
belligerence~belligérance
seamanship~qualités de marin
kens~kens
prioritise~donner la priorité
synced~synchronisé
garishly~garishly
daubers~daubers
Loewe~Loewe
difficulties~difficulties
Arizonans~Arizonans
groupers~groupers
princes~princes
demilitarised~demilitarised
baryons~baryons
Transvaal's~Transvaal de
afflatus's~Années Afflatus
delegating~delegating
whey~petit lait
lamentation~lamentation
obsolete~obsolète
wracks~wracks
woodsiness's~woodsiness de
dejected~dejected
shuttlecocks~shuttlecocks
obesity's~de l'obésité
Gary's~Gary est
heritable~héritable
Chang~Chang
folksinger's~folksinger's
possible's~est possible
galvanometers~galvanometers
deciders~deciders
prosecuted~poursuivi
machinating~machinateur
designs~designs
crawlies~crawlies
Appalachia's~Région des Appalaches de
tubule's~de tubule
pleats~plis
Kennedy~Kennedy
splotch~tache
kW~kW
Torvalds~Torvalds
terracotta~terre cuite
unprovoked~sans provocation
semi's~demi de
vitals~vitals
literally~Littéralement
fascism's~fascism's
fatigue's~fatigue's
prissily~prissily
effulgence's~effulgence's
shoo~pschtt
haberdashers~haberdashers
entrails~entrails
insensate~insensé
stubbed~bouchonné
Gatsby's~Gatsby de
groundwork's~groundwork's
Imelda's~Imelda de
kindergartener's~kindergartener de
Noyes~Non Oui
nonliterary~non littéraire
Rudyard's~Rudyard de
carnage's~carnage de
abolishing~l'abolition
precipitation~précipitation
Mormon's~Mormon de
aerialist~aérien
vaingloriously~orgueilleusement
housework~travaux ménagers
workbench's~Etabli de
Stoic~Stoïque
harlotry~harlotry
REM~REM
Santayana's~Santayana de
tunnies~thons
painkillers~analgésiques
topologically~topologiquement
myrtle's~myrte de
nuzzled~Blottié
Congregational~Congregational
belletrists~belletrists
riparian~riverain
ranters~braillards
shawl~châle
goaded~goaded
allegros~allegro
horniest~délurés
affiliation's~affiliation de
peeves~Peeves
billycan~billycan
kickstand~béquille
fathead's~fathead's
drably~drably
musses~Musses
wrecked~détruit
relievers~releveurs
nu's~nu de
politicisation's~la politisation de
cognates~cognates
sensationally~sensationnellement
carfare's~de carfare
ionospheres~ionosphères
McClure~McClure
lurkers~rôdeurs
husbandman~laboureur
Claudia's~Claudia de
augmenter~increase
ballcock~robinet à flotteur
Dare's~Dare
Post's~Des postes
intoxication's~l'ivresse de
reappoints~NOMME à nouveau
trained~qualifié
noodled~noodled
concubinage's~de concubinage
generational~generational
jittery~nerveux
creeper's~creeper's
veranda~véranda
adolescent~adolescent
rummy~rami
stubbornness~entêtement
Trollope~Trollope
athletic~athlétique
stumping~dessouchage
mantle's~manteau des années
deluge's~deluge's
adjoining~attenant
slave~esclave
fibrous~fibrous
antonym's~Années antonymes
heroic~héroïque
fabrication's~fabrication's
elongated~elongated
exacerbation~exacerbation
Clarissa~Clarissa
chaise's~chaise de
Belgians~Belges
extravaganza~extravaganza
mudrooms~vestiaires
theosophists~théosophes
stiffer~rigide
dualism's~dualism's
radical~radical
counter~counter
subjoining~subjoining
henna~henné
soy~soja
flaccidity~flaccidity
support~soutien
bullheadedness~entêtement
rices~rix
unanswerable~sans réponse
perfectness's~Années Perfectness
demography~demography
tauter~tauter
recycles~recyclages
macaque~macaque
balls~des balles
compliment's~compliment de
expressiveness's~expressiveness's
Caitlin's~Caitlin de
Danube's~Danube de
steroidal~stéroïdien
splay~évaser
dooming~dooming
uniqueness's~Le caractère unique
explicitly~explicitly
squishiest~squishiest
grapples~grapples
asphyxiated~asphyxiées
baboon~babouin
lolcats~lolcats
personal~personnel
Mosul's~Mosul de
girdled~girdled
sitarists~sitaristes
depressants~depressants
confederacy~confédération
campuses~campus
paramountcy~paramountcy
puffed~gonflé
accoutre~accoutre
gravy's~gravy's
selectivity's~sélectivité de
backer~partisan
simulcast's~diffusion simultanée de
franc~franc
picketers~piqueteurs
attain~atteindre
Toscanini~Toscanini
bonces~bonces
vital~vital
outfitter~pourvoirie
aviation~aviation
pastiness's~pastiness de
occluded~occlus
compatibility~compatibilité
overthought~overthought
Alexandria~Alexandrie
cilium's~Années cil
asymptotic~asymptotique
remonstrant~Remonstrant
ING~ING
capital's~cAPITALE
flashback~flashback
OMB's~OMB de
garages~garages
shutoffs~shutoffs
wast~wast
pulping~mise en pâte
Elysium~Élysée
Juan's~Juan de
Banjul~Banjul
cheeses~les fromages
metals~les métaux
hons~Hons
Argos's~Argos de
stonily~stonily
throwbacks~throwbacks
crisscross's~crisscross's
simmers~simmers
meagerness's~Années maigreur
birthright~droit de naissance
scarfing~ébarbage
sleeper~dormeur
baptised~baptisé
instrument~instrument
superstructures~superstructures
joggling~joggling
inquisitors~inquisiteurs
monomaniacs~monomaniaques
emblems~emblems
stagecoach's~stagecoach de
Edwardo~Edwardo
effulgence~effulgence
starer~Starer
presupposition's~présupposé de
pamphleteer's~de pamphlétaire
rectified~rectifié
atlases~atlas
urine~urine
blond's~blond de
tune's~air de
magnetic~magnétique
breaker's~briseur de
overexert~fatiguez
wellness's~bien-être de
fifer's~fifer's
ratios~rapports
photograph's~photographies
wafers~wafers
periscopes~périscopes
tasting's~de dégustation
ascribe~attribuer
fiduciary~fiduciary
dauntlessness~dauntlessness
livelier~vivant
Freda's~Freda de
Al~Al
Clydesdale's~Clydesdale de
ultramodern~ultramoderne
scampers~gambade
seagoing~mer
Alpo~Alpo
notworks~notworks
storms~tempêtes
stinking~puant
peripherals~périphériques
blossoms~fleurs
Khwarizmi's~Khwarizmi de
checkoffs~checkoffs
zoom~Zoom
couturier's~couturier's
intransigence~intransigeance
honour's~honneurs
morphed~métamorphosé
Perseid~Perséides
brackishness~saumâtre
botanists~botanistes
adjectival~adjectival
unwholesomeness~insalubrité
submerged~submergé
dribble~dribble
kaffeeklatch's~kaffeeklatch de
benedictions~benedictions
greyhound's~greyhound's
electrocuted~electrocuted
recombine~recombiner
rhododendrons~rhododendrons
Lind's~Lind de
laudanum~laudanum
lifespan~durée de vie
pennies~pennies
ibexes~bouquetins
erodible~erodible
Harlem~Harlem
HS~HS
fed~fed
Starbucks's~Starbucks de
Alleghenies~Alleghenies
Nora's~Nora
guest's~guest's
gallium~gallium
epinephrine~epinephrine
bitterns~butors
toyboy~toyboy
customise~customise
suborbital~suborbital
amplify~amplifier
pointillists~pointillistes
transplanting~transplanter
reef's~années récif
thermos~thermos
signalises~signalise
chambray's~Années chambray
brigade's~La brigade
Londoners~Les Londoniens
Nd's~NDs
numerously~nombreuse
schoolbag's~sacs d'école
xxvii~xxvii
halal~halal
petering~Petering
mouth~bouche
completed~terminé
yep's~de yep
staunching~Etanchement
jailbird's~de taulard
sublimates~sublimés
gamester~gamester
testes~testicules
complexion's~le teint de
chukkas~chukkas
Guineans~Guinéens
nonfiction's~de non-fiction
escapees~escapees
newsboy's~gavroche de
Osbert's~Osbert de
bottomless~sans fond
business~Entreprise
convicting~convicting
occasionally~parfois
synchronised~synchronisée
entrances~entrances
lefty~Lefty
childproofed~épreuve des enfants
headliner~tête d'affiche
gymnast~gymnast
tracheae~trachées
activeness's~de activeness
Montana's~Montana de
manikin~mannequin
Dior's~Dior
slackest~plus relâchée
Juliet~Juliette
doggedness~doggedness
tumid~tuméfié
Oligocene~Oligocène
assigns~cessionnaires
darken~darken
Hottentot's~Hottentot de
nautilus's~nautilus de
Odysseus~Ulysse
bookie's~de bookie
extemporaneousness's~extemporaneousness's
grandfather~grandfather
nautilus~nautile
annular~annulaire
speckle~moucheture
unmet~non satisfaits
gunrunning's~gunrunning's
customary~customary
ascribable~imputables
vermiform~vermiforme
curious~curious
forthrightly~forthrightly
IVs~IVs
franchise's~franchise's
sensibilities~sensibilité
velocipede~vélocipède
psalms~psaumes
swimming~la natation
Leninist's~léniniste de
jugglers~jongleurs
murderess~meurtrière
mischances~malchances
Yamaha~Yamaha
consortium~consortium
finder's~finder's
amaranth~amarante
nubbin~nubbin
quilter~Quilter
Leeds's~Leeds de
Comoran~comorien
starvings~starvings
Philippines~Philippines
flange~flange
Ebert~Ebert
martian~martien
submitting~soumission
bluebell~jacinthe des bois
Athens's~Années Athènes
vividest~vividest
mistral's~mistral de
perfectionism's~de perfectionnisme
cocoon~cocon
annoy~ennuyer
vestment's~de vêtement
booting~démarrage
shorthorns~Shorthorn
whiteout~whiteout
balsa's~balsa de
Chimborazo's~Chimborazo de
fonts~fonts
counterattacking~counterattacking
outwear~outwear
Omayyad~Omeyyades
disobedience~disobedience
incontestability~incontestabilité
magnetosphere~magnétosphère
Orphic~orphique
tigresses~tigresses
existence~existence
crosspiece~crosspiece
disillusionment's~disillusionment's
fenced~fenced
shoehorn's~shoehorn de
fornicator~fornicator
versa~versa
unfastening~débouclage
buckboard's~buckboard de
educator's~educator's
eternities~eternities
pityingly~apitoyé
sandbagger's~sandbagger de
barbiturates~barbituriques
gaga~gaga
undercharging~Un prix inférieur à
resuscitated~ressuscitée
compactly~compacte
bemiring~bemiring
centimetre~centimètre
soppy~sentimental
incitement's~l'incitation de
Mamie~Mamie
Maldivian's~de maldiviens
complexity's~complexité de
graham~graham
cattleman~vacher
paramilitary~paramilitaire
syntactic~syntaxique
valuer~valuer
Ahab~Achab
scummiest~scummiest
wasteland~terre en friche
grandstand~grandstand
stingiest~pingre
Sedna~Sedna
inaner~inaner
blisters~ampoules
motiveless~motiveless
Cd~CD
Vietnam~Viêt-Nam
floodlight~floodlight
velocities~vitesses
Alsatian's~de alsaciens
airbrushing~aérographie
Lyon's~Lyon de
periodontics's~Années parodontologie
Lena's~Lena
sitting's~est assise
horehound's~marrube de
inarticulate~incapable de s'exprimer
assaulting~agresser
contumely's~contumely's
biddy's~biddy de
aileron's~de l'aileron
Avis's~Avis de
windiness's~de venteux
novelising~novelising
sulk~bouder
orison~prière
humaniser~humaniser
subjective~subjectif
ad~un d
populace's~population de
BSA~BSA
bozo~Bozo
Hosea's~Osée de
Argus~Argus
irresistible~irrésistible
linearly~linéairement
Cherokee's~Cherokee de
Jeannie~Jeannie
utility~utilitaire
aitches~aitches
weeps~pleure
seal~joint
Hellene's~hellène de
priestliest~priestliest
wale~Wale
affair~affaire
blotchier~blotchier
matched~appariés
AM~UN M
lethargy~léthargie
reindeer's~rennes de
braggart~fanfaron
Pusan's~pusan de
testament's~testament de
transparently~transparente
Pershing's~Pershing de
miniseries~mini-série
Ida's~Ida
Shcharansky~Shcharansky
whelming~whelming
Raymond's~de Raymond
quisling's~Quisling de
Baha'i~Baha'i
classiness~classiness
stoppage~arrêt
Rios~Rios
gasohol's~gasohol's
Josefina~Josefina
lusciousness~lusciousness
Lederberg~Lederberg
infused~infuse
spritzer~panaché
pseudoscience's~de pseudoscience
luxury's~de luxe
coaster's~montagnes de
vernal~vernal
twitchier~twitchier
yearbook's~annuaire de
metaphysical~métaphysique
depopulates~depopulates
bribe~pot-de-vin
THC~THC
Liberal~Libéral
conservancy~protection
luggers~lougres
Burns~brûlures
slammer's~de Slammer
stemware's~verres à pied de
resultants~résultantes
Ebro~Ebro
reverse~sens inverse
make~faire
heaven's~cieux
discharging~discharging
postpartum~post-partum
Boeotia's~Béotie de
outfit~tenue
Maribel's~Maribel de
Makarios~Makarios
inequalities~inégalités
mightier~plus puissant
Erie's~Erie de
quiet's~est calme
solecisms~solécismes
slowing~ralentissement
winner~gagnant
canvassed~sondé
sutured~suturé
Masons~francs-maçons
Angolan's~de l'Angola
Essen~Essen
Frye~Frye
esplanade~esplanade
conformation~conformation
hedgehopped~hedgehopped
headteacher~chef enseignant
Wednesday~Mercredi
barony's~Années baronnie
balconies~balcons
Motown~Motown
whippet's~whippet de
candour~candeur
firings~firings
humidity's~de l'humidité
economist~economist
pentagon's~pentagone de
salaciousness's~de grivoiserie
prank~farce
escalloped~escalloped
crosscurrent~crosscurrent
particularises~particularise
permutation's~permutation de
notates~notates
impassably~impassably
caprices~caprices
venues~lieux
Alston's~Alston de
AWACS's~de AWACS
inverts~radiers
taser~Taser
NAFTA's~ALENA de
spiniest~spiniest
Bullock~Bœuf
shirtwaist~Shirtwaist
souvenir's~des souvenirs
debut's~debut's
praline~praliné
rosiness~roseur
Gould's~Gould
talky~walkie
holiday's~vacances
finickiness's~finickiness's
circumvention~le contournement
deceptive~deceptive
dreadlocks~dreadlocks
horseplay~chahut brutal
ground's~ground's
marshy~marécageux
ferret's~ferret's
scree~éboulis
paradigms~paradigmes
Foosball~Foosball
scapegrace~vaurien
embodied~embodied
demonetise~demonetise
oscilloscope's~oscilloscope de
programmes~programmes
blandishment~flatterie
Bronson's~Bronson de
johnny~johnny
earmarked~earmarked
Brecht's~Brecht
antimalarial~antipaludique
geomagnetic~geomagnetic
ignoramus's~Années ignare
distantly~distantly
saline~saline
vaccination~vaccination
scouting~scoutisme
parallel's~de parallèles
kingmaker~kingmaker
elevates~elevates
somnambulist's~de somnambule
quencher's~quencher de
slightness~slightness
lexicography's~de lexicographie
homograph's~de homographes
fluffiness's~fluffiness's
Lords~Lords
bobsledding~bobsledding
Marxist's~de marxistes
kopeck's~kopeck de
likeability's~de likeability
syncopating~syncopating
sexpots~sexpots
hierarchical~hiérarchique
Tetons~Tetons
abstractnesses~abstractnesses
Co's~co de
imbalanced~déséquilibrés
dumbfounds~dumbfounds
saffron~Safran
infusions~infusions
Sundays~les dimanches
exclusives~exclusives
nest's~nid
wangled~wangled
cassock~soutane
ponders~médite
gruel's~gruel's
unchaster~unchaster
whites~blancs
calendared~calandré
congeniality's~de convivialité
Ticonderoga~Ticonderoga
Sasha's~Sasha
sleazily~sleazily
algebra~algèbre
starvation~famine
cotangents~cotangents
bisecting~bissectrice
surface's~Sa surface
biophysicist~biophysicien
cygnets~cygnets
underplay~minimiser
modernistic~moderniste
reloads~rechargements
minster~cathédrale
teleplay's~teleplay de
lazied~lazied
inseparable~inséparable
shads~aloses
Antarctic~antarctique
yachtsman~navigateur
Chesterfield's~Chesterfield de
Opposition~Opposition
electrologists~electrologists
Scientologist's~scientologue de
clannish~attaché
appease~apaiser
homeowners~propriétaires
adagio~adagio
evacuated~evacuated
Oxford's~Oxford de
decelerating~decelerating
evaporated~evaporated
tonic's~tonique de
linguistic~linguistique
comings~allées
impecuniousness~impécuniosité
freedman's~freedman's
preened~pomponnés
loyalties~loyautés
displeasure~displeasure
canoeist~canoéiste
vetch's~vesce de
motherfucker~connard
defiant~defiant
Acadia~Acadia
heavyweights~poids lourds
ennui's~ennui's
grace~grace
raggediest~raggediest
uncertainly~incertitude
joker~joker
nacre's~nacres de
doles~doles
lowlander~Lowlander
defuse~defuse
superhighway's~autoroute de
zeppelins~zeppelins
hive~ruche
subhead~sous-titre
appeasing~apaisant
Milquetoast's~milquetoast de
cavity~cavité
floater~floater
fast~fast
dustiness's~dustiness's
termagants~mégères
pawl~cliquet
reforest~reboiser
mumble~marmonner
Aludra~Aludra
swivel's~pivotants de
melamine~mélamine
serviceable~utilisable
greenrooms~greenrooms
encyclopedia's~encyclopedia's
Shari~Shari
Jon~Jon
intellectualism's~intellectualisme de
hostel~hôtel
reconsiders~ravise
electorally~electorally
carers~personnel soignant
divers~divers
tailpiece~cordier
Toyoda's~Toyoda de
mammography~mammographie
frontiersman's~frontiersman's
Eileen's~Eileen de
favourite~favourite
rabbit~lapin
creams~creams
patina~patine
appendage's~appendice de
Visigoths~Wisigoths
Louisa~Louisa
cleverest~intelligent
likeness~ressemblance
wondrous~merveilleux
circumstantial~circonstancié
cf~cf
rowdier~rowdier
ellipsis's~ellipsis's
blinks~clignote
contention~contention
disarrangement~disarrangement
multiplicity's~multiplicité de
tubule~tubule
claret~bordeaux
Rx~Rx
Lithuanians~Lithuaniens
Horowitz's~Horowitz
rein's~rênes
soupcon's~de soupcon
materialistically~matérialistes
pancreatic~du pancréas
fjord's~fjord's
defrayal~defrayal
menagerie~ménagerie
keno~keno
retardants~retardateurs
unfading~impérissable
splendidly~splendidement
espouses~espouses
shortlisted~présélectionnés
talus's~Années astragale
stodgy~lourd
backlogs~backlogs
station~gare
Roanoke~Roanoke
predate~antidater
muskegs~muskegs
perorations~péroraisons
piece~pièce
concatenates~Concatène
Gregg's~Gregg
mistrusting~méfiant
shrilly~strident
Dustbuster's~dustbuster de
respectfully~avec respect
aspartame~l'aspartame
shorties~shorty
Samar~Samar
ostlers~palefreniers
bogey's~bogey de
Platonist~platoniste
egocentric~egocentric
partisanship~esprit de parti
oriel~oriel
palish~pâle
squeak's~grincement de
Paderewski~Paderewski
Bowman~Archer
Freud's~Freud
advents~avènements
extra~extra
technologist~technologue
hypothyroid's~de hypothyroid
pressing~pressage
milquetoast~milquetoast
demagnetises~demagnetises
abducting~ravisseur
speeders~excès de vitesse
Dunn's~Dunn
eastern~eastern
lyncher's~Lyncher de
trainee's~stagiaire de
supporters~partisans
Alexandra~Alexandra
befallen~arrivé
Barnes's~Barnes de
Wald's~Wald de
kingdom~Royaume
prettiness's~de joliesse
pastier~pastier
Farley~Farley
chillers~refroidisseurs
Antananarivo~Antananarivo
existentialists~existentialists
contradistinction~contradistinction
chihuahua~chihuahua
nixes~nix
forgotten~forgotten
value's~valeurs
cratered~cratered
rhapsody~rhapsodie
shotgunned~shotgunned
Mulder's~Mulder
visual~visuel
beams~poutres
perpetrates~perpètre
convulsion~convulsion
j~j
meditate~méditer
rode~rode
glamours~glamours
Anasazi~Anasazi
puppy's~chiot de
lasciviously~lascivement
furrier's~furrier's
unfamiliarity~manque de connaissance
Dardanelles's~Années Dardanelles
klutz~klutz
Joel's~Joël
hastens~accourt
demolition's~demolition's
dopes~dopes
vehement~véhément
Pianola's~pianola de
cancels~annule
surround~entourer
dashiki's~dashiki's
lanais~lanais
decolonising~decolonising
canvasser's~démarcheur de
beanpole's~échalas de
snaffled~snaffled
telephony~téléphonie
cattily~cattily
Nahum's~Nahum de
verifiable~vérifiable
Dutchwoman~Néerlandaise
stamen~étamine
relegation's~relégation de
Fortaleza's~Fortaleza de
fiche~fiche
whiter~plus blanc
convenience's~convenience's
adult~adulte
instrumental's~instrumentale de
Wikileaks~WikiLeaks
misrepresentation's~fausse déclaration de
sharer's~partageur de
flat~flat
thickheaded~obtus
unarguably~unarguably
tiptoes~tiptoes
anime's~l'anime de
Malaya's~Malaisie de
invalidation's~infirmation de
rotted~pourris
Christmastides~Christmastides
winged~ailé
stress's~son stress
pedant's~de pédant
AFDC~AFDC
hundreds~des centaines
stockiness~stockiness
beatifications~béatifications
Transylvania~Transylvanie
hummer~hummer
gratefulness~gratefulness
disjointedness~disjointedness
absolutely~absolument
load's~charges
tallies~décomptes
stumbling~trébuchant
Claiborne's~claiborne de
rowdiness~tapage
jetport's~de jetport
Markov~Markov
Schelling~Schelling
Phekda's~Phekda de
hypoglycemia's~de l'hypoglycémie
dietitian~dietitian
Bethune's~Bethune
removes~enlève
downplaying~downplaying
underestimates~sous-estimés
coupled~coupled
seaworthy~en état de naviguer
woolgathering~Woolgathering
tetracycline's~tétracycline de
geochemistry~geochemistry
bludgeons~massues
barbershop~salon de coiffure
forgetful~forgetful
efficiently~efficiently
simulcast~diffusion simultanée
creatively~creatively
monopolies~monopoles
ornamental~ornemental
prom's~Prom
bronze's~bronze de
ninjas~ninjas
groper's~groper's
mainsail's~grand-voile de
Ferris's~Ferris de
brethren~frères
reapplies~Rétablit les
hansom's~hansom's
inculcated~inculquée
atomising~atomiser
residence's~résidence de
evidently~evidently
linebackers~secondeurs
immaterially~immatériellement
Nickelodeon~Nickelodeon
crossfire's~crossfire's
defenestrations~defenestrations
commentators~commentateurs
grasshoppers~grasshoppers
convivial~convivial
leeward's~sous le vent de
theism~théisme
misapplied~mal appliqué
puddled~puddlé
blurts~blurts
poinsettia's~Années poinsettia
scrofulous~scrofuleux
superimpose~superposer
wretches~hères
dactyls~dactyls
Kan~Kan
nag's~bourrin de
status's~le statut de
deserve~deserve
mufflers~pots d'échappement
festers~festers
rehearsal~répétition
frappe~frappe
Saroyan's~Saroyan de
Devi's~Devi
vaccinations~vaccinations
helicopter's~hélicoptère de
slatternly~gaspilleur
quayside~quayside
distils~distils
skim~parcourir
Bruno's~Bruno
journeying~cheminant
Male~Mâle
Francisco~Francisco
pieced~rapiécé
stickpin~stickpin
it'll~ça va
clematis's~Années clématites
Lula's~Lula
language's~langue de
seersucker~seersucker
psephology~psephology
LBJ's~LBJ de
commence~commencer
niggardliness's~vilenie de
abstemiousness~frugalité
other's~autres
Wigner's~Wigner de
stepfathers~beaux-pères
quantities~quantités
tremble~trembler
countrywoman~countrywoman
bleariest~bleariest
indulgence~indulgence
womenfolk's~Années womenfolk
leukemic's~leucémique de
doggies~doggies
coattail's~de coattail
decried~decried
pekoe's~Pekoe de
hermetical~hermetical
subsystem~sous-système
Rodrick's~Rodrick de
refill~recharge
Magritte's~Magritte
sterility~stérilité
listen's~écouter de
argent~argent
Vogue~Vogue
pursuit~poursuite
gadders~gadders
restudy~réétudier
missile~missile
pirate~pirate
liquidations~Liquidations
soothsayer's~devineresse de
prickliness~chatouillement
noncom~sous-officier
murkiness's~de murkiness
beatitudes~Béatitudes
sandbank's~sandbank de
intercept~intercepter
promulgators~promulgateurs
id's~id
cruse~cruse
nurserymen~pépiniériste
physiological~physiologique
christening~baptême
Avernus's~Années Avernus
puckering~plissement
rehabilitate~réhabiliter
boldface's~de gras
karats~karats
Streisand's~Streisand de
seals~scellés
relished~savouré
centipede~mille pattes
wassail~wassail
showjumping~showjumping
Bellow~Mugissement
fretwork's~fretwork's
leaves~feuilles
quavery~tremblotant
disunity~disunity
overwritten~écrasement
grabbing~grabbing
especially~especially
zeitgeist~air du temps
erase~erase
muffed~a raté
hockshop's~hockshop de
protester's~protestataire de
cheerio's~cheerio de
upgrade~surclassement
dredge~dredge
camping's~le camping de
headache~mal de tête
phrasing's~phrasé de
spousal~conjoint
receptacles~récipients
hulling~décorticage
friendly~friendly
shadowy~ombragé
Lippmann's~Lippmann de
reaction~réaction
Yugoslavian~yougoslave
linebacker~secondeur
oilcloth's~Années cirée
rescuer's~secouriste de
samurai~samouraï
Zyrtec~Zyrtec
stepper's~pas à pas de
obscuring~obscurcissement
icecap~calotte glaciaire
Wichita's~Wichita de
meddle~se mêler
syphilis~syphilis
lumpectomies~lumpectomies
embedded~embedded
freedmen~freedmen
ploughmen~laboureurs
toddling~toddling
beefsteaks~steak
reaffirmed~réaffirmée
stomach's~estomac de
cook's~cook's
PayPal's~de PayPal
Juarez's~Juarez de
CFC~CFC
softwoods~résineux
purist's~de puristes
process's~du processus
copping~copping
web's~de web
seborrhoea's~séborrhée de
viburnum's~Viburnum de
crankshafts~crankshafts
moseyed~moseyed
unflattering~peu flatteuse
patinas~patines
goldbrick's~goldbrick's
cordiality's~cordiality's
tropics's~tropiques de
earmuff~earmuff
wally~wally
dipsomaniac~dipsomaniac
noncollectable~noncollectable
decoupling~decoupling
gratifications~gratifications
Jamaican~jamaïquain
overcapitalise~overcapitalise
wreaths~couronnes
realty's~objet immobilier de
Quaternary~Quaternaire
zigzags~zigzags
cautiously~avec prudence
asseverating~asseverating
oops~Oops
displease~displease
valetudinarianism's~valetudinarianism de
lifter~cric
Bahamanian~Bahamanian
streamline~rationaliser
ominous~de mauvais augure
artificer's~artificier
weld's~soudure de
graininess's~graininess's
fisher~fisher
blast's~explosion de
disquisition's~disquisition's
collards~collards
dinnertime~dinnertime
moorhens~gallinules
writhing~tordant
Donatello~Donatello
battleship's~navire de guerre de
scintillation's~scintillation de
clear~clair
hundred~cent
Ken's~de Ken
enfeebled~enfeebled
Eritrean's~de l'Érythrée
scums~écumes
majors~majors
scorching~brûlant
timbrel's~tambourins de
extol~extol
tenor~ténor
hayricks~meules de foin
compass~boussole
cardiology~cardiologie
TWA's~TWA
beggars~mendiants
gelatinous~gelatinous
amiably~aimablement
whelk's~Années buccin
reassurance's~assurance de
opt~opter
parimutuel's~de pari mutuel
peel's~peau de
Satanist~sataniste
Bronte~Bronte
earnestness~earnestness
earthward~earthward
tinsmiths~ferblantiers
connotative~connotative
popularity~popularité
sleets~sleets
inhibitions~inhibitions
Enrique~Enrique
Tucson~Tucson
showoff~frimer
ditty~ditty
preponderance~prépondérance
sniffed~reniflé
enthronements~enthronements
conceived~imaginé
beebread~le pain d'abeille
framework~framework
pentagrams~pentagrammes
calcified~calcifié
Zimmerman's~Zimmerman
temperas~temperas
enema~enema
interpolates~interpole
revisit~revisiter
meaningfulness~signifiance
irking~irking
death's~death's
shimmy's~shimmy de
No's~Pas de
Todd's~Todd
Herschel~Herschel
Faeroe's~Faeroe de
seaboards~façades maritimes
murals~peintures murales
logarithm's~logarithme de
Ortega~Ortega
askew~de travers
puffball~vesse-de-loup
IRS's~IRS de
suntanning~bronzage
infilling~remblaiement
emboldens~emboldens
Catholics~catholiques
pheromone~phéromone
antilogarithm~antilogarithme
pelicans~pélicans
truants~absentéistes
oversubscribing~surabonnement
fanged~fanged
Kory's~Kory de
landowner~propriétaires
grill~grill
hominids~hominidés
alluding~Faisant allusion
pl~PL
inflict~infliger
enmities~enmities
cuticle~cuticle
chandelier~lustre
beanpoles~beanpoles
monotheist's~monothéiste de
ganglion~ganglion
prune~prune
sculler's~skiff de
rerunning~réexécutant
cynical~cynical
podiatrist's~de podiatre
attack~attaque
lingered~attardé
sense's~sens de
Gonzales's~Gonzales de
Appomattox's~Appomattox de
undervaluation~sous-évaluation
eked~eked
Clarice~Clarice
beat's~battement de
antipathies~antipathies
Dublin's~Dublin de
extemporaneous~extemporaneous
postscript~post-scriptum
Shevat~Chevat
astoundingly~astoundingly
contactable~contactable
discourses~discourses
engenders~engenders
italicising~mettre en italique
faithlessly~faithlessly
sourcing~approvisionnement
whiniest~whiniest
swain's~SWAINS
bladders~vessies
trick's~des trucs
peeve's~bête noire de
damn~damn
venial~véniel
reminiscently~reminiscently
commentary's~Le commentaire de
Platte's~Platte de
biopic~biopic
westerners~occidentaux
injuring~blessant
drawbridge's~drawbridge's
effeminately~effeminately
activators~activateurs
pontiff~pontife
furling~furling
reapers~moissonneurs
wanness's~de pâleur
wearing~portant
financial~financial
contraindicated~contraindicated
immanent~immanent
professionally~professionnellement
exacerbates~exacerbates
lusts~cupidités
clunk~clunk
stuns~étourdit
lobbyist's~lobbyiste de
rid~débarrasser
brutalises~brutalise
Draconian~Draconien
campaigning~campagne
interfacing~interface
octopuses~poulpes
carnival's~carnaval de
accost's~accostent de
binning~binning
inflexions~flexions
humorlessly~sans humour
jokingly~en plaisantant
bouncy~plein d'entrain
manhood~virilité
schoolboy~écolier
vacation~vacances
Dacron's~Dacron de
headwaters's~cours supérieur de
solicitor~solliciteur
gangland~gangland
dots~dots
blaze's~blaze de
euchre~euchre
decks~decks
christian~Christian
retype~Saisir à nouveau
Teri's~Teri de
cooperative's~cooperative's
roughening~rendre rugueuse
Adventist's~adventiste de
dissolution~dissolution
equates~equates
Athens~Athènes
shrunk~rétrécis
oncologist's~oncologue de
Torricelli~Torricelli
asserted~a affirmé
student~étudiant
precipitants~précipitants
Faye~Faye
recorded~enregistré
gyppers~gyppers
disenfranchise~disenfranchise
upperclasswomen~upperclasswomen
painfully~douloureusement
catkins~catkins
topple~renverser
winsome~séduisant
ragwort~jacobée
fusibility~fusibility
thawing~décongélation
spadework~gros du travail
binnacle's~de binnacle
forbore~forbore
walnuts~noix
swilling~Swilling
tearaways~sauvageons
brigandage~banditisme
handbooks~handbooks
Vandyke~Van Dyke
cleaners~produits de nettoyage
exhaled~exhaled
readdresses~réadresse
ranch's~ranch de
reserve~réserve
impeding~entrave
divas~divas
hallucinogen~hallucinogen
doubtless~doubtless
apostrophes~apostrophes
stopper's~bouchon de
aubergine~aubergine
patters~bagouts
spermicides~spermicides
dioceses~dioceses
Bernini~Bernin
yawn~bâillement
Guyanese~guyanais
surge~poussée
Cambodia~Cambodge
Lyons's~Années Lyon
uncrosses~décroise
Alioth's~Alioth de
motivators~facteurs de motivation
Georgians~Géorgiens
Schick~Schick
junketed~junketed
dissected~dissected
ESPN~ESPN
wussy~wussy
fleecy~fleecy
rumpus's~Années Rumpus
Cecilia~Cecilia
remelt~refusion
palest~pâle
sundaes~sundae
videodisc's~Années vidéodisques
solicitousness's~de sollicitude
funkiest~funkiest
mutations~mutations
Yahoo's~Yahoo
gerontologist~gerontologist
ermine~ermine
grades~grades
omniscient~omniscient
DTP~DTP
stillborn~mort-né
disruption's~disruption's
sevenths~septièmes
torments~affres
attributable~attribuable
scolding~réprimande
guarder's~guarder's
ducks~ducks
effectively~effectively
neath~Neath
hotshots~hotshots
precipitate~précipité
Cain~Caïn
breathtakingly~à couper le souffle
hipness's~de branchitude
pocket's~les poches
pugilists~pugilists
underdone~pas assez cuit
decennial's~decennial's
missiles~missiles
toucan's~Années toucan
wring's~essorez de
koala's~koala de
explication's~explication's
acerbic~acerbe
microbe~microbe
analyser~analyseur
bobtails~Bobtail
godson~godson
robes~robes
acculturated~acculturés
aphorism~aphorisme
derivative~derivative
bays~baies
tachycardia's~années tachycardie
deacon~deacon
dripping~dripping
disunite~disunite
aperture's~ouverture de
aerobically~aérobiose
wallets~portefeuilles
negligibly~négligeablement
bradawl~bradawl
gingering~gingering
begging~mendicité
proforma~pro forma
Donny's~Donny de
excursionist's~excursionist's
immunisations~vaccinations
tubercle~tubercule
indicative's~de indicatifs
Sheila~Sheila
nematodes~nématodes
treated~traités
Nazareth's~Nazareth de
conventionality's~conventionality's
delegates~delegates
decisively~decisively
offhanded~désinvolture
costumiers~costumiers
cemented~cimenté
felicitous~felicitous
discolouration's~discolouration's
unoccupied~inoccupé
lumberers~marchands de bois
conditioning's~conditionnement de
cornstarch's~cornstarch's
fireproofed~fireproofed
Giuliani~Giuliani
evade~evade
reticence's~réticences de
Lucy~Lucy
mothballed~mise en sommeil
whitetail~le cerf de Virginie
equators~equators
Annabel~Annabel
cloyed~rassasié
Sue~poursuivre en justice
erectly~erectly
illusionist's~illusionnistes de
bends~coudes
refuting~réfutant
preponderating~prépondérantes
cozened~cozened
Glastonbury~Glastonbury
nucleus~noyau
Beecher~Beecher
Ikhnaton~Ikhnaton
grandmas~grandmas
Lesley~Lesley
reallocating~réaffectant
beget~engendrer
rambunctiously~rambunctiously
uplift~soulèvement
Tamera's~Tamera de
caveman's~homme des cavernes de
snaking~serpentant
Q~Q
thin~mince
gobbing~gobbing
deafens~deafens
Hickok's~Hickok de
congratulations~toutes nos félicitations
Harding's~Harding
recessives~récessifs
denominate~denominate
seraglios~sérails
seasonality~saisonnalité
kumquats~kumquats
opaqueness's~de l'opacité
bowdlerisations~bowdlerisations
stroppier~stroppier
adjusters~experts
elating~elating
debauched~debauched
Beadle's~bedeau de
expostulate~expostulate
Clancy's~Clancy
balaclava~cagoule
surrender's~reddition de
undoubted~indubitable
Lysistrata's~Lysistrata de
tenements~tènements
tarts~tartes
sloppy~négligé
giraffe's~giraffe's
sandpiper~bécasseau
tubercular~tuberculeux
divinity's~divinity's
fattiness~fattiness
hairpin~hairpin
Gail~Gail
trident~trident
analyses~analyses
mismanaged~mal géré
spit's~broche de
sup's~de sup
shooing~shooing
dimples~dimples
scoutmaster's~de scoutmaster
airstrip's~piste d'atterrissage de
nourishes~nourrit
guaranteed~guaranteed
unstintingly~sans faillir
countertenors~countertenors
cirrhosis's~de cirrhose
coordination's~coordination's
flabbiness~flabbiness
reemploying~reemploying
input~contribution
stoppling~stoppling
barbel~barbeau
veneration~vénération
responses~réponses
Anglophile's~Années anglophiles
commandeers~réquisitionne
farrowing~farrowing
pa's~pa de
boudoir~boudoir
McKee's~McKee de
squishy~spongieuse
heartlessness's~de manque de cœur
plenary~plénier
certificates~certificats
compatibility's~la compatibilité de
unbeliever~incroyant
Monteverdi~Monteverdi
Svalbard's~svalbard de
Mendelian~mendélienne
Erebus's~Erebus de
wackiest~wackiest
roguishly~malicieusement
pacing~stimulation
barometer's~baromètre
redetermining~déterminer de nouveau
Rush's~Rush
awkwarder~awkwarder
breastbone~bréchet
straightener~lisseur
harpies~harpies
PCB~PCB
Mona's~Mona de
lappets~fanons
gyration's~gyration's
slosh~patauger
tennis~tennis
limpidity~limpidité
sallies~boutades
skateboarders~planchistes
conceptualisations~conceptualisations
Margo's~Margo de
interluding~interluding
irrupted~fait irruption
find's~find's
velocity~rapidité
accompaniments~accompagnements
Waring's~Waring de
Ithaca's~Ithaca de
agoraphobics~agoraphobics
overdeveloping~overdeveloping
applicants~candidats
chatelaines~châtelaines
sandblast's~Années jet de sable
cameraman~cameraman
Pharisaical~Pharisaïque
pointed~pointu
decontrols~decontrols
Jasper~Jaspe
Pinochet~Pinochet
giddy~giddy
declaiming~declaiming
page~page
godhead's~godhead's
counterfeits~counterfeits
itemises~inventorié
unblemished~sans tache
comakers~comakers
biotech~biotechnologies
dining~dining
Abyssinian~abyssinien
Reaganomics's~Années Reaganomics
daresay~daresay
enplane~enplane
cacaos~cacaos
standby~Etre prêt
suppression~suppression
Dixon~Dixon
drooping~drooping
conceive~concevoir
cheapo~cheapo
gazelle~gazelle
Eduardo's~Eduardo de
chomped~chomped
campanologist~campanologist
drawer~drawer
mitigation's~l'atténuation de
Dickerson~Dickerson
overbooked~surréservation
Ohioan's~ohioan de
roofed~couverte
FMs~FMs
squabs~pigeonneaux
avouch~confirmer
dissolving~dissolving
summarise~résumer
receptionists~réceptionnistes
Moro's~Moro de
misrepresentations~fausses déclarations
forebear~forebear
reassignments~réaffectations
CZ~CZ
ascertains~ait vérifié
cumbers~cumbers
decolonised~decolonised
rheum~rhume
doodad's~doodad's
Septuagint~Septante
lowers~abaisse
lackey's~larbin de
stoppers~bouchons
ayatollah's~Ayatollah
trust's~la confiance de
tony~tony
Chatterton~Chatterton
disregarding~disregarding
stripling's~éphèbe de
grants~grants
murderess's~de meurtrière
Samuelson~Samuelson
Masses~Masses
plumb~sonder
excellency's~excellency's
Schedar~Schedar
Dumas's~Dumas
Sprint~Sprint
sunflower~tournesol
informatively~informatively
Gucci~Gucci
bun's~petit pain de
boomerangs~boomerangs
schlepped~schlepped
workmen~ouvriers
syncopation~syncope
chiggers~aoûtats
takers~preneurs
wank~Wank
intangibility's~de intangibilité
Dvina's~Dvina de
Ramos's~Ramos années
retort~cornue
keep's~garder de
chiropodist's~podologue de
spitted~embroché
Ag's~Ag de
closeting~closeting
assemblyman~assemblyman
slough's~bourbier de
scraping~grattage
pratfall's~de pratfall
behold~voir
fishtailed~fishtailed
Zsigmondy~Zsigmondy
economics's~economics's
jimsonweed's~de stramoine
performer's~interprète de
gulpers~gulpers
wheezes~wheezes
VOA~VOA
tenuously~ténus
AFN~APN
Pam's~Pam
zloty~zloty
spangly~spangly
timbre's~timbre de
defamation~defamation
lean~maigre
periwinkle's~Années pervenche
flatten~flatten
crochets~crochets
extraterrestrials~extraterrestrials
aft~à l'arrière
amusingly~plaisamment
eugenically~eugenically
mountaineers~alpinistes
outnumbered~en infériorité numérique
naysayer~naysayer
shipwreck~Naufrage
validations~validations
Dreiser~Dreiser
ghostliness~ghostliness
electrostatics~electrostatics
Cromwellian's~de Cromwellian
despoiling~despoiling
yellowhammers~serins
travail~labeur
Amalia's~Amalia de
exercise~exercise
Peruvian~péruvien
grabbiest~grabbiest
brownish~brunâtre
ideographs~idéogrammes
sturgeons~esturgeons
placekicker's~botteur de
Stefan~Stefan
imperishably~impérissable
heathens~heathens
Bowell~Bowell
back~arrière
grandiosity~grandiosity
schoolbag~cartable
attraction's~attractions
Blatz's~Blatz de
computationally~informatiquement
soft~doux
democrat~democrat
futon~futon
mentoring~mentorat
Saturdays~les samedis
rumpling~froissant
scrubbed~frotté
analyst~analyste
kitsch's~kitch années
Mgr~Mgr
Virginia's~la Virginie
cotter's~cotter's
energising~energising
redound~rejaillira
Lohengrin's~Lohengrin de
accommodatingly~accommodatingly
Sharlene~Sharlene
afterglow's~incandescence résiduelle de
sempstress~Mayeux
risibility~caractère drôle
verbiage~verbiage
steamfitting~Fumisterie
Shula~Shula
riper~riper
Heraclitus~Héraclite
Giuseppe~Giuseppe
crone's~crone's
horror's~de l'horreur
gunrunner's~gunrunner's
devices~devices
delighting~delighting
Poussin~Poussin
Bridalveil~Voile de mariée
Fawkes~Fawkes
turban's~turban de
seltzer~seltzer
multivitamin's~multivitamine de
verbalised~verbalisée
peckers~peckers
whimsy's~whimsy de
bigmouths~bigmouths
photocell's~photocellule de
fibril's~fibril's
diffidence~diffidence
jato's~jato de
hideously~hideusement
hawed~hawed
embolisms~embolisms
Wilbur's~Wilbur de
snowmobile~motoneige
haploid's~haploid's
hello~Bonjour
anthologised~anthologised
carbonation~carbonatation
anaesthetises~insensibilise
tending~tendant
Murphy~Murphy
waistlines~tour de taille
greenish~greenish
occludes~occlut
Frisbee's~frisbee de
shredders~déchiqueteuses
astrakhan~astrakan
upchucks~upchucks
caster's~lanceur de sorts de
display~display
moocher~tapeur
fantasists~fantasists
growth~growth
undergrowth's~sous-bois de
protectors~protecteurs
edified~edified
Hohenstaufen's~Hohenstaufen de
maisonette's~de maisonette
slabbed~slabbed
sickbeds~lits de malades
braininess~cérébralité
porphyritic~porphyrique
deemed~deemed
accompanist~accompagnateur
novelty's~de nouveauté
conferrers~conferrers
Rollerblade~rollers
radicals~radicaux
Kinney's~Kinney de
Frisian~frison
rhymed~rimé
tracheal~trachéale
poulterer's~poulterer de
winegrower~viticulteur
roofer's~Couvreur de
fuses~fuses
Resistance~La résistance
perceiving~percevoir
complacence's~de complaisances
molly~molly
dagos~dagos
Lillie~Lillie
multistage~en plusieurs étapes
Marc~Marc
firefighting~firefighting
aunts~tantes
sleeping~en train de dormir
dirges~dirges
booby~nigaud
upchuck~dégueuler
Fiberglas~Fiberglas
bonitos~bonites
laureate~lauréat
pilafs~pilafs
impressiveness~impressiveness
psychoanalysis's~la psychanalyse de
outstation's~outstation de
miscreants~scélérats
wretchedest~wretchedest
Selectric~Selectric
deposing~deposing
wall~mur
Mack~Mack
subpoenaing~assignant
aloe~aloès
outboasted~outboasted
morsel~morceau
reassuringly~rassurante
EST's~EST de
weatherman's~météorologue des années
disrupted~disrupted
reintegration's~la réintégration de
swapping~swapping
umpire~arbitre
investments~investissements
concurring~concordante
unhappy~malheureux
Thanksgivings~Thanksgivings
conscripting~conscription
foolhardiness's~foolhardiness's
distressing~distressing
seepage~suintement
depopulated~depopulated
piped~canalisé
palaces~palais
caretaker's~gARDIEN
redcoat's~redcoat de
jasmine~jasmin
centenarians~centenarians
herbage~herbage
swatches~nuanciers
bibliographical~bibliographique
woodener~woodener
commentating~commentatrice
lotions~lotions
microwaved~microwaved
Wezen~wezen
Niobe~Niobe
imps~diablotins
honeysuckle's~Années chèvrefeuille
Nivea~nivea
waxwing~jaseur
toddler~bambin
enlargers~enlargers
Tyndall's~Tyndall de
Shebeli~Shebeli
Scotsman's~de Scotsman
Dickensian~dickensian
renewal's~renouvellement de
horsewhips~cravaches
enumerating~enumerating
Swedes~Suédois
Risorgimento's~de Risorgimento
silhouetted~silhouette
halloo's~halloo's
scattering~diffusion
tarmacking~goudronnage
nontransparent~non transparente
flotilla's~flotilla's
Oise's~Années Oise
Stefanie's~Stefanie de
baiting~appâter
deicer~deicer
rundowns~vissages
cloning~clonage
ferry~ferry
Waller~Waller
tradeswomen~artisanes
magnum's~magnum
depressed~depressed
carnivores~carnivores
stoker's~Stoker
balderdash's~de balivernes
gentry's~gentry's
Heston~Heston
JPEG~JPEG
triremes~triremes
sexology~sexologie
Mancini~Mancini
stria~strie
kissogram~Kissogram
tantalised~intrigue les
Google's~Google
ceilidhs~ceilidhs
cab~taxi
Coriolis's~de Coriolis
meet~rencontrer
Eggo's~Eggo de
pressmen~pressiers
martinets~martinets
shock's~choc de
lithe~souple
browser's~du navigateur
hydrodynamics~hydrodynamique
attenuation's~atténuation de
arachnophobia~arachnophobie
shyly~timidement
Montevideo's~Montevideo de
easier~easier
sequestrated~séquestrés
thereunto~thereunto
bombsite~bombsite
madrasa~madrasa
elapses~elapses
diffidence's~diffidence's
Amazons~Amazones
taxonomist's~de taxinomiste
Kleenex's~Kleenex de
Negress's~de négresse
senora~Senora
lazy~paresseux
roisterers~tapageurs
terrifying~terrifiant
pathologist's~pathologiste de
Jewry's~de la communauté juive
drainboard~drainboard
mollycoddled~couvé
clovers~trèfles
yesteryear's~de antan
avaricious~avare
monorail~monorail
hacking's~hacking's
prophylaxes~prophylaxies
platen~platine
violations~violations
pedantry~pédantisme
stretch~étendue
excrement~excrement
Livingston~Livingston
careers~carrières
alluring~séduisant
imprints~empreintes
munitioning~munitioning
fleshes~fleshes
crazier~crazier
poppy~coquelicot
pertest~pertest
hardback's~hardback's
confession's~aveux
replacement~remplacement
hickory's~hickory de
abate~diminuer
sculptural~sculptural
Stanislavsky's~Stanislavski de
scramble~brouiller
Kngwarreye~Kngwarreye
Aurelius~Aurelius
refitted~réaménagée
Beelzebub's~Belzébuth de
inceptions~commencements
bunting~bruant
Adriana~Adriana
solute~soluté
ridged~striée
Trina's~Trina de
batmen~Batmen
Selena~Selena
Brewer~Brasseur
unseasoned~assaisonnés
wimpish~mauviette
progression~progression
enlighten~enlighten
cockfighting's~de combats de coqs
Dee's~Dee
fibroid~fibroid
patronymic~patronyme
watermark's~filigrane de
defendant~defendant
birthmarks~taches de naissance
crappies~crappies
newsgirl's~Années newsgirl
millet~Millet
tsetse~tsé-tsé
Guerrero~Guerrero
incumbents~titulaires
baffler~baffler
Hellenistic's~hellénistique de
reminders~rappels
Bambi~Bambi
disillusionment~disillusionment
orb~orbe
timeliest~opportune
overwhelms~accable
roundabout's~carrefour giratoire
folktale~folktale
crates~crates
preening~lisser les plumes
nursemaids~nourrices
hum~fredonner
discriminates~discriminates
dubber's~dubber's
cockchafer~hanneton
shapelier~galbée
tessellation's~de tessellation
hexagonal~hexagonal
Chimeras~chimères
puss's~Années Puss
preferentially~de préférence
containable~containable
broadcasts~émissions
complainant~demandeur
neither~ni
peeper's~Peeper de
quarterstaff~quarterstaff
Catholic's~catholique de
harboured~harboured
Salem's~Salem de
marten~martre
headpiece~casque
winsomely~winsomely
Parnassuses~Parnassuses
contentious~contentious
Qumran~Qumran
Horton~Horton
converses~converses
thieving's~de voleuse
frigidness's~frigidness's
Edgardo's~Edgardo de
she~elle
marlins~marlins
Faeroe~Îles Féroé
watts~watts
Guido~Guido
respirator's~respirateur de
Continent's~continent de
Vauban's~Vauban
nuked~nuked
notionally~fictivement
topknots~chignons
Atria's~Années Atria
steeps~steeps
handsets~handsets
countersignature~countersignature
mask's~de masque
theatregoer~amateur de théâtre
smutty~cochon
fudges~fudges
utilised~utilisé
Congresses~congrès
savoury's~de savoureux
McClain~McClain
lyres~lyres
allocated~alloué
maskers~carnavaliers
Englishman~Anglais
reassessments~réévaluations
headiest~capiteux
butteries~butteries
purine's~purine de
secured~sécurisé
vitalises~revitalise
brouhaha~brouhaha
belfries~beffrois
commanders~commandants
disabled~disabled
fraternises~fraternises
Mb's~Mb de
seventieth~soixante-dixième
Pissaro's~Pissaro de
skimped~skimped
tyrannically~tyranniquement
drollness~drollness
reiterated~réitéré
booklet~brochure
maturer~affineur
lavenders~lavandes
hallucinate~hallucinate
Banneker's~Banneker de
collegian's~Années Collegian
Rob~Rob
clomped~clomped
lib's~lib de
newts~tritons
zoophyte's~zoophyte de
sot's~Années SOT
Lucien~Lucien
humidor~humidor
nacho's~Nachos
Adela's~Adela de
misapplication~mauvaise application
bear's~ours
trochee~trochée
loyalty's~la loyauté de
filbert~filbert
meteorological~météorologique
ufologists~ufologues
busgirls~busgirls
harlot~harlot
decomposing~decomposing
remodels~remodèle
bullfighter's~de toréador
patting~tapoter
improvisation~improvisation
mongoose's~Années mangouste
Bart's~Bart
regrouped~regroupés
overrun's~dépassement de
hardtack~hardtack
misdirect~Misdirect
snottily~snottily
spanners~spanners
Cornell~Cornell
cartwheels~cartwheels
cheesed~cheesed
persecutor~persécuteur
transcending~dépassement
unbosoming~unbosoming
scrunchy's~scrunchy de
noddle's~caboche de
lubricates~lubrifie
tenet's~principe de
premeditated~prémédité
bender~cintreuse
integral~intégral
blurriest~blurriest
immunoglobulins~immunoglobulines
economically~economically
endorsement~endorsement
Tocantins's~Années Tocantins
dashboard~dashboard
perisher~Perisher
marque~marque
befouled~salie
conk~pif
terrycloth~torchon
gentian~gentian
Bridgett~Bridgett
slippery~glissant
approving~approuvant
drove~drove
Royce's~Royce
Moira's~Moira de
bequest~legs
indolence's~indolence de
innumeracy's~de innumérisme
seafloor's~fond marin de
welterweight's~mi-moyens de
nonactives~nonactives
Ecuadorian's~Années équatoriens
wild~sauvage
observe~observer
steeplechase~steeple-chase
screwiest~screwiest
Francois~Francois
bourbon~Bourbon
shrinking~contraction
sycophantic~flagorneur
were~étaient
Rochester~Rochester
sailor~marin
overfill~déborder
tryouts~tryouts
dispossesses~dispossesses
Capetown's~Capetown de
abnegates~abnegates
Harpies~harpies
debauchery~debauchery
maidenly~virginal
Ucayali~Ucayali
even's~even's
generalship~generalship
reminisce~évoquer des souvenirs
blondness~blondeur
rarely~rarement
curler's~curler's
docents~docents
Berlins~Berlins
turbot~turbot
Apollos~Apollos
Bloch~Bloch
commonality~point en commun
Marconi~Marconi
formalist's~formalist's
burped~burped
wooing~courtiser
alumnae~alumnae
meatiest~charnue
caplet's~Années caplet
Kwangju~Kwangju
unperson's~unperson de
thunder's~tonnerre de
Bohemia's~Bohême du
underappreciated~sous-estimés
expansions~expansions
chargeable~la charge
ironies~ironies
papilla's~de papille
nonevent~nonevent
reintroduce~réintroduire
angle's~angle de
cartilage~cartilage
citywide~Partout dans la ville
babushka~babushka
seraphic~séraphique
parapsychology~parapsychologie
sociologists~sociologues
fertilisers~fertilisers
ludicrousness~grotesque
metalanguage's~métalangage de
Ellie's~Ellie de
kielbasas~kielbasas
cabby's~cabby de
nib~plume
recesses~recoins
zoning~zonage
indications~les indications
Jordan~Jordan
propositions~propositions
poof's~Années Poof
esteems~esteems
redyeing~redyeing
machismo's~le machisme de
nasty~méchant
Albanian~albanais
embattled~embattled
codifying~codifiant
Aristotle~Aristote
blessedness's~de bonheur
vaporise~vaporiser
twang's~de twang
adzes~herminettes
representation's~représentation de
indestructibility's~indestructibilité de
palaeontologist's~de paléontologiste
pol's~pol de
fairway~fairway
bushier~touffue
cannibalises~cannibalise
stanch~étancher
spacewalk's~années sortie dans l'espace
bronchitis~bronchite
structuring~structuration
balloted~soumis au vote
licitly~licitement
Aristotelian~aristotélicien
Linus's~Linus de
zorch~Zorch
headcase~majuscule
transept~transept
Dominion~Domination
illegal's~est illégal
thresholds~seuils
sacredness~inviolabilité
silk's~soie de
gymnastic~gymnastic
Mimosa's~Des mimosas
proof~preuve
pillages~pille
entrapped~entrapped
faint's~faint's
kilolitre~kilolitre
fronts~fronts
Amado~Amado
assumes~suppose
bulkiness's~de bouffant
lading~chargement
rotatory~rotatoire
tranquiler~tranquiler
intimated~insinué
recognise~reconnaître
barre's~barre de
evacuating~evacuating
torpidity~torpeur
bullet's~balle de
talkiest~talkiest
Graham's~Graham
gleeful~gleeful
parallelogram's~parallélogramme de
suspect~suspect
off~de
Lamarck's~Lamarck
mantilla's~mantille de
walloped~walloped
exclusions~exclusions
Shriner~Shriner
chopped~haché
misruled~mal gouvernés
projectionist~projectionniste
Dubcek~Dubcek
dangler's~dangler's
Livia's~années Livia
cantilevers~cantilevers
Blackbeard~Blackbeard
raglan's~raglan de
vanity's~la vanité de
Raoul~Raoul
worriers~worriers
lying's~ment
spiking~spiking
harks~harks
unique~unique
ghoulishly~ghoulishly
upbeats~anacrouses
doormen~doormen
follows~follows
Hallstatt's~Hallstatt de
PCP~PCP
Neapolitan~napolitain
struck~frappé
ghastliest~ghastliest
jade~jade
rotogravure~rotogravure
geneticists~geneticists
flicking~flicking
acrimonious~acrimonieux
kindliest~plus aimable
commutation~commutation
decompression~decompression
inflorescent~inflorescence
Nationwide~Nationwide
suspension's~suspension de
antiviral's~antiviral de
germs~germs
Leanna~Leanna
accustomed~habitué
Eurydice's~Eurydice
planer~raboteuse
integrity~intégrité
Thomas~Thomas
scribbled~griffonné
subcontracts~sous-traitances
snowblower's~de souffleuse
storks~cigognes
alps~Alpes
Heywood~Heywood
switch~commutateur
captive~captif
boggles~Boggles
Mideast~Moyen-Orient
sewerage~évacuation des eaux usées
Marcelo~Marcelo
selection~sélection
mourner's~pleureuse de
plumbings~plumbings
padlocked~cadenassée
pier~jetée
picnicked~pique-niqué
avenging~vengeur
datatype~datatype
spathe~spathe
Raymundo~Raymundo
Bergman~Bergman
sofa~canapé
follicle's~follicle's
negligence's~négligence de
Beardmore's~Beardmore de
eugenics~eugenics
leotard~collant
clusters~groupes
satiable~satiable
vernier~vernier
hoyden's~hoyden de
Excellency~Excellence
Ieyasu's~Ieyasu de
cuckoldry's~cuckoldry's
rifle's~fusil de
whether~qu'il s'agisse
bookseller's~Libraire de
unnervingly~unnervingly
Merrill~Merrill
journalism~journalisme
itinerant~itinérant
yaks~yaks
corps's~corps's
Rayburn~Rayburn
whoever~quiconque
anthrax~anthrax
nonviolently~non-violente
Bryon's~Bryon de
annihilation~annihilation
oarsman's~de canotier
tinge's~teinte de
prioresses~prieures
Doha's~Doha de
Gothic's~gothique de
veniremen~veniremen
canard's~bobard de
sues~Sues
checkoff's~checkoff de
conceited~vaniteux
gradient's~gradient's
cutlery~cutlery
aegis's~égide de
Kampala's~Kampala de
Skype~Skype
fructifying~fructifying
archaeology's~de l'archéologie
lumberyard~Cour à bois
seismology's~de séismologie
billeting~cantonnement
defying~defying
litheness's~de litheness
crappier~crappier
Altair~Altair
Lee~Lee
superscripts~exposants
dogtrots~dogtrots
verse~verset
episcopate~episcopate
dungaree's~dungaree's
Kim~Kim
cutup~cutup
taprooms~taprooms
sandblasts~sandblasts
biffed~biffed
Whipple~Whipple
constantly~constamment
teasingly~taquinant
takeover's~reprise de
milliseconds~millisecondes
bareness~nudité
logicians~logiciens
Currier~Currier
overmuch~trop
ageists~ageists
militarists~militaristes
creole's~creole's
correcter~correcter
fling's~fling's
Amaru~Amaru
Lorraine~Lorraine
Ti's~Ti de
Kaunas~Kaunas
Debian~Debian
capricious~capricieux
recolour~recolorer
headrests~appuis-tête
august~août
Hood's~Hood
pessimal~pessimal
stigmatisation~stigmatisation
commercialisation's~commercialisation de
Saharan~saharien
causeries~Causeries
declassification's~declassification's
lady's~renouée
cartoonists~caricaturistes
reequipped~rééquipé
galleria~galleria
extortionists~extortionists
ride's~manèges
pomegranate~Grenade
acquaint~informer
Thessalonian's~Thessaloniciens de
diploma's~diploma's
umpire's~arbitre de
Yeager~Yeager
indifferently~indifféremment
aphid's~Années puceron
jangle's~tintement de
kimono~kimono
earwax's~earwax's
Elisha's~Élisée
CBC's~Radio-Canada de
Grey's~Gris de
Clemson's~Clemson de
bullfight~corrida
intermixed~entremêlées
Erma~Erma
Doppler~Doppler
hauberk~haubert
VI's~VI de
quints~quintuplés
propitiated~concilié
impulsiveness~impulsivité
indigestion's~indigestion de
synthetic's~synthétique de
Voronezh~Voronezh
glorifies~glorifies
allusively~allusivement
decrepitude's~decrepitude's
wisest~plus sages
enameller's~enameller's
consultant's~consultant's
health's~de la santé
synapse~synapse
sentimentalise~sentimentalise
unpacked~déballer
foregathered~foregathered
estimates~estimates
powerlessness~impuissance
ejectors~ejectors
Oranjestad~Oranjestad
emir's~emir's
tarnish's~ternissement de
Dresden's~Dresde de
dystonia~dystonia
vassal~vassal
pauperised~paupérisée
weep~pleurer
beheads~décapite
silo~silo
jinni~Jinni
versified~versifiée
Lenoir~Lenoir
kibble's~croquette de
Enoch's~Enoch de
Enrico~Enrico
desalinate~desalinate
clocked~cadencé
Ks~ks
subcategories~sous-catégories
inappropriateness's~de inopportunité
baseman~joueur de base
Paley~Paley
deg~deg
densest~densest
Vermeer's~Vermeer
lackey~laquais
varnish~vernis
Alison's~Alison de
unwinnable~unwinnable
beginners~débutants
relived~revécu
antipoverty~antipauvreté
workhorse~bête de somme
cadenzas~cadenzas
pollack's~Pollack
electrocardiography~electrocardiography
quoted~cité
demure~demure
elver~elver
afoul~afoul
Sarawak's~Sarawak de
biceps's~de biceps
biz~biz
versed~versé
blackberries~mûres
impasto's~Années empâtement
incentive~motivation
fruitiness~fruitiness
keepsakes~souvenirs
insureds~assurés
fiction's~fiction's
diaeresis~diaeresis
overstretching~surexploiter
whitefish's~corégone de
loss~perte
circulates~circule
circularised~circularisée
mentioning~mentionner
compote~compote
titbits~gourmandises
constricted~resserrée
schoolmarmish~schoolmarmish
carpenter's~menuisier
regroups~regroupe au
dewberry's~dewberry's
yearning's~désir de
growls~growls
Twitter's~Twitter de
drainboards~drainboards
dimity~dimity
quartz~quartz
cardsharp's~de cardsharp
paunch's~de bedaine
chancelleries~chancelleries
bound's~bornes
overachieve~overachieve
ameliorated~amélioré
Kaye's~Kaye de
perversion~perversion
Pierre's~Pierre de
Cybele~Cybèle
minaret's~minaret de
denominated~denominated
fellow's~fellow's
kerfuffle~désordre
patois's~Années patoises
conducing~conducing
noncommittally~évasivement
compartment~compartiment
Cleo~Cleo
kimonos~kimonos
greenness~greenness
contemplation's~contemplation's
strokes~accidents vasculaires cérébraux
subtraction's~soustraction de
lovebird~oiseau d'amour
neurotransmitter's~de neurotransmetteur
recrudescence's~de recrudescences
misnomer~nom inapproprié
oldster~vieillard
laconically~laconiquement
flowerbed's~flowerbed's
foodie~foodie
aggregations~agrégations
demount~demount
valuations~évaluations
Sevres's~Années Sevres
towns~les villes
breezily~jovialement
singletons~singletons
snail~escargot
Suns~Suns
plumper~pulpeuses
collation's~collation de
knickknack's~bibelots
sequential~séquentiel
zookeepers~zookeepers
junketeer~junketeer
projected~projeté
scream's~cris
insignia's~insignes de
kn~kn
rockiness~rockiness
waddles~dandine
conventionalised~conventionalised
Bahia's~Bahia années
ruff~fraise
citric~citrique
Bennie~Bennie
Mazola's~Mazola de
afterimages~images rémanentes
vexatious~vexatoire
crocked~crocked
ribbers~Ribbers
slinkier~slinkier
deist~deist
adsorb~adsorber
androgenic~androgène
transactor~transactor
waxwings~jaseurs
univalve~mollusque univalve
tambourine~tambourin
lapin~Lapine
unpretentious~sans prétention
naivete's~de naïvetés
Budweiser~Budweiser
Madeleine~Madeleine
whelms~whelms
capsulised~capsulised
hurry's~pressé de
defacement's~defacement's
plumy~plumeté
underworlds~Souterrains
depressors~depressors
forfeiting~forfeiting
honeymooner's~de honeymooner
interceptor's~intercepteur de
Erhard~Erhard
propel~propulser
mortuary's~mortuaire de
larded~lardé
relays~relais
trilaterals~trilatérales
diocesans~diocesans
classifiable~classifiable
populate~peupler
tableaux~tableaux
driftwood~driftwood
Tilsit~Tilsit
Rukeyser's~Rukeyser de
wearying~lassante
lunacy~folie
wringer~essoreuse
Arab~arabe
bawds~maquerelles
unseemlier~unseemlier
nature's~la nature de
superpose~superposer
sunbather's~sunbather de
potentiated~potentialisée
Katie's~Katie
Darrell's~Darrell de
ajar~entrouvert
effacement~effacement
overreaching~trop loin
quota~quota
sleazebags~sleazebags
rejudges~rejudges
hows~Hows
impossibilities~impossibilités
frantically~frantically
medulla~moelle
demurrals~demurrals
jarred~pot
Yale~Yale
desegregation~desegregation
Paine's~Paine
Roach~Gardon
horas~horas
voluptuousness's~de voluptés
nuzzles~nuzzles
prejudgements~jugement préconçu
Taney~Taney
disbarring~disbarring
Luger's~Luger de
abacus's~abaque de
taluses~éboulis
affidavits~affidavits
iniquity~iniquité
breach~violation
populous~très peuplé
pronounced~prononcé
rendered~rendu
postseasons~postseasons
seaway~route maritime
tympanists~tympanists
enamellers~enamellers
Semitic~sémitique
sharpen~affiler
Brownsville's~Brownsville de
bondholder~porteur d'obligations
cairns~cairns
elongating~elongating
intemperate~intempérant
unison~unisson
encouragement~encouragement
unmarried~célibataire
extirpation's~extirpation's
notion~notion
Gershwin~Gershwin
exasperated~exasperated
Tuareg's~Touareg de
Olympus's~Olympus de
Gumbel's~Gumbel de
saucer~soucoupe
scramblers~brouilleurs
glut's~glut's
McDaniel's~McDaniel de
fond~fond
Xanthippe's~xanthippe de
tubeless~sans chambre à air
pwn~pwn
scissoring~scissoring
incurable~incurable
Plath~Plath
celebrator's~de celebrator
interfile~Interfile
commercialises~commercialise
thatches~chaumes
stiff's~de raides
archdeacons~archidiacres
scullion's~marmiton de
Onassis~Onassis
liquored~liquored
stucco's~années stuc
deepens~deepens
Negro's~Negro de
repulse's~Années Repulse
stubble's~chaume de
storminess~cyclonique
doped~doped
steepest~plus raide
loll~se prélasser
certainties~certitudes
pneumonia's~de la pneumonie
appertain~appartiendront
nick's~pseudos
hobbling~clopinant
upper's~supérieure de
HTML~HTML
referendum~référendum
Trevor's~Trevor
noontide's~de midi
superwoman's~de superwoman
trenchantly~incisive
motivated~motivé
pilled~pilled
Macao's~Macao de
hectoring~matamore
wanton~capricieux
chaise~cabriolet
caret~lambda
centralises~centralise
regresses~régresse
hobnobs~hobnobs
pets~animaux domestiques
studios~studios
extortionate~extortionate
Republicans~républicains
Sheree's~Sheree de
apparition's~apparition de
margaritas~margaritas
soporific~soporifique
bookmarks~signets
Gerard's~Gérard
pope's~pape de
Bray's~Bray de
schoolroom's~de salle de classe
workfare~workfare
expurgated~expurgated
racquetball's~racquetball de
excision~excision
resurfaces~reblanchit
disdainful~disdainful
Alford~Alford
archenemy~ennemi juré
clouts~taloches
Al's~Al de
overdoses~surdoses
reflex's~Années réflexes
Slovenia~Slovénie
restrainers~restrainers
economiser~economiser
slicers~trancheuses
vicuna's~vigogne de
Castaneda~Castaneda
floss's~floss's
enrich~enrich
demurrer's~demurrer's
winnows~vanner
adoption's~L'adoption par
clouds~des nuages
truing~truing
preschool's~préscolaire de
krill's~krill de
maybe~peut être
undercuts~contre-dépouilles
restaurants~Restaurants
pubescence's~pubescence de
reusing~réutilisant
Sanforized~sanforisé
tirelessness's~de infatigable
afresh~de nouveau
nosher's~nosher de
interconnection's~interconnexion de
overpopulates~overpopulates
kilometre~kilomètre
O'Neill's~O'Neill
exorbitant~exorbitant
dilating~dilating
propagandists~propagandistes
Joann's~Joann de
frazzled~frazzled
Chechen~tchétchène
stockist~stockiste
Lidia's~Lidia de
physiotherapists~physiothérapeutes
expand~expand
broncobuster~broncobuster
Veronica's~Veronica
turnoffs~turnoffs
junco~Junco
chessboard~échiquier
Yemenis~Yéménites
greatcoat~greatcoat
colonialism's~du colonialisme
fireside~fireside
upbraiding~réprimande
bleak~morne
Durban~Durban
rippling~ondulation
kvetched~kvetched
plateau~plateau
driblet's~driblet's
pasteuriser~pasteurisateur
sturgeon's~l'esturgeon de
hoicked~hoicked
riposte's~Riposte des années
triangular~triangulaire
homebody~casanier
daffiest~daffiest
exemptions~exemptions
destining~destining
revel's~revel de
bombed~bombardée
cogwheel's~Années cogwheel
coffeepot~coffeepot
querulousness's~querulousness de
fumigating~fumigating
Stuyvesant~Stuyvesant
Cooke~Cooke
swearwords~gros mots
somersault's~de saut périlleux
authoress~femme auteur
Jill's~Jill
waiter's~les serveurs
Hottentots~Hottentots
creche~creche
RSVP~RSVP
clayier~clayier
invalid~invalide
tweeting~tweeting
hamlet~hamlet
particulates~particules
Pilgrim~Pèlerin
resonances~résonnances
wineglasses~verres à vin
Plataea~Platée
gadget~gadget
sampans~sampans
swellings~enflures
astrologer~astrologue
representing~représentation
embodiment~embodiment
reshipping~reshipping
curtsies~curtsies
urea~urée
glisten's~glisten's
encryption~encryption
apotheosis~apothéose
gradations~gradations
Amanda~Amanda
overemphasis's~de trop grande importance
overmodest~overmodest
bandmasters~chefs de musique
dropper's~dropper's
gamut's~gamut's
discontent~discontent
Andres~Andres
vasectomy's~vasectomie de
challenging~difficile
sonnet~sonnet
rigmarole~galimatias
garish~garish
Waugh~Waugh
verbals~verbals
anatomised~anatomisés
erects~erects
owing~dû
fell~fell
fencing~fencing
cornflower~cornflower
Middleton~Middleton
Darrel's~Darrel de
twinge~pincement
mitigated~atténué
consignor~expéditeur
enviously~enviously
papa's~papa
orderings~ordonnancements
Jackson's~Jackson
sachet's~sachet de
tincture~teinture
snitch's~Années Snitch
disappoint~disappoint
potentially~potentiellement
Louisville~Louisville
Northwest's~au nord-ouest de
observation~observation
contrarily~contrarily
preconditions~conditions préalables
Elma~Elma
copybook's~copybook's
parity's~parité de
Stamford's~Stamford de
Mennen's~Mennen de
Cerenkov~Cerenkov
gimbals's~gimbals's
remedies~remèdes
fellatio's~fellatio's
effervescing~effervescing
homiest~homiest
disavowing~disavowing
roadsides~au bord des routes
troys~troys
Westerns~les westerns
snacks~collations
nerdiest~nerdiest
Quintilian~Quintilien
Ha~Ha
editor~editor
prodigy's~prodige de
sponginess~capiton
sheets~feuilles
accessory's~accessoires de
justice~Justice
tarp's~tarp de
Carpathian~Carpathian
nisei~nisei
violators~violateurs
Langland~Langland
town's~les villes
Hornblower's~Hornblower de
Sterling~Sterling
decennials~decennials
prenup's~prenup de
insurances~assurances
Gascony's~gascogne de
Orange~Orange
Janus~Janus
question~question
syndicalist~syndicaliste
Strong's~Strong
font~font
corrosive~corrosive
Brigham~Brigham
sequencer~séquenceur
abjurers~abjurers
Hamiltonian~hamiltonien
tonsuring~tonsure
flanked~flanked
strangled~étranglé
snuggles~câlins
stegosaurus's~Années stegosaurus
legislator's~législateur de
canalisation~canalisation
episodically~episodically
sidewinder~Sidewinder
antipodes~antipodes
Dunne's~Dunne
gypsies~gypsies
Tlingit~Tlingit
caseload~nombre de cas
zookeeper's~Zookeeper de
blackmailer's~blackmailer de
passphrase~passphrase
holography's~holographie de
DD~DD
straightly~straightly
intestinal~intestinal
acidosis's~acidose de
cheep's~de piou
odious~odieux
pugnacity~pugnacité
thymine~thymine
Donny~Donny
meatiness~meatiness
interlink~interlink
Bacchic~Bachique
Samara~Samara
Finnbogadottir's~Finnbogadottir de
plaza's~plaza de
wannabe~wannabe
runnel's~runnel de
rightness's~de justesse
deb~deb
redoubled~redoublé
vociferously~avec véhémence
mads~mads
growers~growers
morel~morille
personage's~personnage de
townies~townies
candlewick's~candlewick de
straightforward~simple
wallet~portefeuille
correspondents~correspondents
cruise's~cruise's
partition's~partition de
telecommutes~telecommutes
Zane~Zane
M's~Mme
groaning~groaning
scarlet~écarlate
wirehair's~wirehair de
catharsis's~de catharsis
excrescence~excrescence
macerated~macéré
verbiages~verbiages
dumbbell~dumbbell
Ellington~Ellington
grub~grub
kinetics's~cinétique de
dioxins~dioxins
morning's~les matins
dichotomy~dichotomy
cigarette's~cigarettes
terrace's~terrasse de
seemed~semblait
maidenhead's~Maidenhead de
toecap's~SPACIUM de
curlicues~curlicues
panhandles~enclaves
aileron~aileron
snapdragons~mufliers
scrupulosity's~de scrupulosity
coshed~coshed
delft~delft
semen's~de sperme de
updating~réactualisation
Nice's~Nice de
annex~annexe
portfolios~portefeuilles
frowzy~frowzy
cratering~cratering
preexistence's~préexistence de
option~option
loudest~plus bruyant
antidote~antidote
Longstreet's~Longstreet de
fled~fled
Pamirs's~Années Pamir
beanbag~beanbag
baldy~Baldy
lunatic~fou
reintegrated~réinsérés
temporises~temporises
woodcarving~Sculpture sur bois
buttery's~de beurre de
pompadours~pompadours
profligates~débauchés
abstruseness~hermétisme
countermen~countermen
amalgamate~fusionner
skirmish's~escarmouche de
presentiment~pressentiment
blocs~blocs
Welland~Bien et
official's~officiel de
repricing~repricing
Wed~Mer
obloquy's~vindicte de
tympani~timbales
diamante~diamante
woodwind's~années instruments à vent
Jones~Jones
eyeopeners~eyeopeners
impediments~obstacles
sluttish~dépravé
ignores~ne tient pas compte
publication's~publication de
likeability~likeability
wax~la cire
contortionist's~contortionist's
extremity~extremity
objection~objection
shutter~obturateur
Carpathians~Carpates
cosponsored~cosponsored
Olenek's~Olenek de
avow~avouer
Russ~Russ
holograms~hologrammes
coriander~coriander
docker~docker
backcloth~backcloth
hybridism~hybridité
uninformative~uninformative
modifies~modifie
enigma~enigma
achoo's~achoo de
applejack's~calvados de
swamp's~les marais
thrumming~thrumming
ransoms~rançons
plaster~plâtre
cilia~cil
toned~modifié la tonalité
surlier~surlier
booze's~de boisson alcoolisée
reproducers~reproductrices
mushroom~champignon
trivialise~banalisent
paperweight's~de presse-papier
lavs~VBL
Aztec's~aztèque de
Snow~Neige
Philip~Philippe
tainted~entaché
lousiness's~de mépris
fume~fume
locator~localisateur
gravitate~gravitate
Fredericton's~FREDERICTON
acceptability's~l'acceptabilité de
Agnes~Agnes
yaws's~de pian
ocular~oculaire
departmental~departmental
bum~clochard
dogged~dogged
erst~erst
goose's~goose's
tenability's~de tenability
blandness~fadeur
whorls~verticilles
eyefuls~eyefuls
backboards~backboards
hiking's~de randonnée
SCSI's~SCSI de
discontinue~discontinue
handcuffing~handcuffing
baseness's~de bassesses
phrased~phrasé
Tecumseh's~Tecumseh de
multiple~plusieurs
teleology~téléologie
grade~grade
posse's~Posse de
Leeward~Côté sous le vent
Shylock's~Shylock de
precedes~précède
imprisons~emprisonne
trenchant~tranchant
decaffeinating~decaffeinating
tempted~tenté
revellings~débauches
soviet's~soviet de
bobbysoxers~bobbysoxers
midis~MIDIS
prosecutions~poursuites
emcees~emcees
projectile's~projectile de
vocals~voix
monikers~monikers
lockjaw's~de trismus
anchorites~anachorètes
cutesy~cutesy
mettle's~de courage
bossing~bossing
sinusitis's~de la sinusite
trekked~trekked
quadriplegia~tétraplégie
regulator's~du régulateur
alignments~alignements
jetliners~avions à réaction
outargued~outargued
hemorrhagic~hémorragique
USA's~DES ÉTATS-UNIS
costlier~costlier
recreants~recreants
ouch~Aie
involvement's~La participation de
Te~Te
anointed~oint
inviting~attrayant
Trinity~Trinité
antagonism~antagonisme
caravel's~caravelle de
sprightlier~sprightlier
aquamarine's~Aquamarine de
naphthalene~naphtaline
Agnew~Agnew
cartage's~de charroi
linear~linéaire
whimsical~capricieux
willingness~volonté
Presbyterianism~presbytérianisme
silken~de soie
boisterous~tumultueux
Latoya~Latoya
oxygen~oxygène
symbolic~symbolique
germination~germination
opportunism's~de l'opportunisme
Mavis's~Mavis de
it's~ses
labourer~ouvrier
patriotism~patriotisme
irretrievable~irrémédiable
seigniors~seigneurs
frontbench~frontbench
catapult's~catapulte de
Bonnie's~Bonnie
xylophone~xylophone
numerated~numerated
callosity's~callosité de
claim's~réclamations
rendering~le rendu
trestles~chevalets
consultant~consultant
disconcerting~disconcerting
vulcanise~vulcaniser
telltales~penons
succour~secours
granulation~granulation
Alnilam's~Alnilam de
pock's~Pock de
Nick~Entaille
accelerates~accélère
Ada's~Ada
Columbus~Colomb
weblog's~blog de
penny's~penny
alliteratively~alliteratively
squintest~squintest
subcutaneously~sous-cutanée
antihistamine's~antihistaminique de
catalogue~catalogue
general~general
petrolatum~pétrolatum
radarscope's~de radarscope
cellmate~compagnon de cellule
adversary's~adversaire de
ineligibility~inéligibilité
resold~revendus
futzes~futzes
cabinet's~Cabinet de
winding~enroulement
breakthrough~percée
administration's~administration de
Boas~Boas
underwriter's~souscripteur de
Icahn's~Icahn de
chatterer~Bavard
Tomsk~Tomsk
stratifying~stratifiant
demodulating~demodulating
partitioned~partitionné
perceptibly~perceptiblement
Rosemarie's~Rosemarie de
leprechaun~lutin
ornithological~ornithologique
underpinning~fondement
peals~carillons
fluoroscopic~fluoroscopic
attitudinised~attitudinised
spoor~trace
filbert's~filbert's
Czech~tchèque
simonizing~Simonizing
portliness~embonpoint
M~M
pursuit's~la poursuite de
falloff's~falloff's
shahs~Shahs
considerate~prévenant
friary's~friary's
ninety~quatre vingt dix
pundit's~de pundit
proselytism's~de prosélytisme
spheroid~sphéroïde
bossily~bossily
bicarbonate~bicarbonate
Pickering's~Pickering de
litre's~litre de
Hg~Hg
unloosed~délie
unenforced~inappliquées
grandee's~grandee's
certifiable~certifiable
sens~Sens
humiliate~humilier
prises~Prises
Walters's~Walters de
Elwood's~Elwood de
alga's~algue de
Borobudur's~Borobudur de
discerned~discerned
scrimshaw~Scrimshaw
installer~installateur
inflexible~inflexible
contextually~contextually
refutation's~de réfutation
legalities~aspects juridiques
backslash~backslash
Teflon's~Teflon de
abductee's~de abductee
rereads~relectures
Mesabi's~Mesabi de
motorbikes~motos
squeakiness~squeakiness
speaker's~haut-parleurs
dogtrotted~dogtrotted
sashaying~sashaying
interchangeability~interchangeabilité
Naphtali's~Naphtali de
Mohamed's~Mohamed de
Craig's~Craig
Amaru's~Amaru est
runniest~runniest
mounters~monteuses
dikes~dikes
sake's~amour de
Krishnamurti~Krishnamurti
Conan~Conan
spearhead~fer de lance
rearrest's~réarrestation de
Ch'in's~ch'in de
gyroscope's~gyroscope's
canvasbacks~Fuligules
surrogate's~de substitution
oversupplied~surapprovisionné
brevet~brevet
preexisted~préexistait
Guatemalan's~guatémaltèque de
mutinous~mutiné
dropper~dropper
inevitable~inévitable
forts~forts
noncoms~offs
goofiest~goofiest
cumuli~cumuli
conservatives~conservateurs
attribution's~attribution de
pissoir~urinoir
misguiding~misguiding
deleting~deleting
federalism's~federalism's
duplication's~duplication's
tessellated~en mosaïque
overpass~dépasser
graph's~graph's
internationalises~internationalise
Allegra's~Allegra de
gnashing~gnashing
impressibility~impressionnabilité
Chinooks~Chinooks
flits~flits
Burbank's~Burbank de
dissidence's~dissidence's
fatiguing~fatiguing
mercilessness's~de mercilessness
inputting~entrer
unprompted~unprompted
howdah's~Années Howdah
reorganisation's~réorganisation de
expo's~expo's
foliage~foliage
bloodcurdling~qui fige le sang
nutshells~coquilles de noix
bent's~plié de
wimp~mauviette
Montanan's~Montanan de
enthronement~enthronement
intoners~intoners
upstarts~arrivistes
blasphemes~blasphèmes
setback's~recul de
celebs~Celebs
ain't~n'est pas
calumet~calumet
strategics~Strategics
sharpeners~aiguiseurs
perused~lu attentivement
making's~faisant de
foxhole~foxhole
apothegm~apophtegme
Litton~Litton
recommendations~recommandations
lilt~cadence
chemists~chimistes
immediacy~immédiateté
iniquity's~de l'iniquité
Nader~Nader
Kmart~Kmart
piker~pingre
readies~se prépare
barbs~ardillons
stiffing~stiffing
Ibo's~IBO
retails~Retails
Demeter~Demeter
meticulousness~soin méticuleux
snowman~bonhomme de neige
valorously~valeureusement
concreteness~concrétude
gull~gull
Tangier's~Tanger de
ck~ck
acclimation's~de acclimation
diacritic's~diacritic's
Holiday~Vacances
cringe's~cringe's
rascal~coquin
plaiting~sparterie
solidification's~solidification de
unexploited~inexploité
bellyful's~ventrée de
musicology~musicologie
RV~RV
rankly~fétides
unreliable~non fiable
Walden~Walden
vermiculite~vermiculite
squib's~Années SQUIB
jobholder's~de titulaire du poste
coarsest~grossier
galleys~galleys
precook~faire cuire à l'avance
desktops~desktops
freestyles~freestyles
earthshaking~earthshaking
slighting~vexation
granite's~granite's
Guillermo~Guillermo
philology~philologie
flinch~flinch
heraldry~héraldique
parleys~parlemente
microloan~microprêt
pemmican~pemmican
dandruff's~dandruff's
exert~exert
pediment's~frontons de
respecting~respectant
Dirichlet~Dirichlet
doohickey~doohickey
deductibles~deductibles
milkweed's~Années asclépiade
wens~Wens
dissociate~dissociate
monotonically~de façon monotone
mecca~Mecque
gowning~gowning
literate~instruit
insanitary~insalubre
indiscipline~indiscipline
blogged~blogué
castaways~naufragées
Glaser~Glaser
sniper's~tireur d'élite de
gallops~gallops
reinstall~réinstaller
parapets~parapets
wildcat~chat sauvage
heroism~héroïsme
automatises~Automatisés
aggregating~agrégation
riotous~séditieux
feasibility's~feasibility's
wrapped~enveloppé
bought~acheté
govern~govern
ibidem~ibidem
interbred~entrecroisé
Connery~Connery
cruciforms~cruciforms
group's~group's
diktats~diktats
astonishment's~l'étonnement de
Calvert~Calvert
dialled~dialled
ledger's~le grand livre de
hoarder~accapareur
spyglass's~Années Spyglass
talked~a parlé
Maoisms~Maoisms
suitor~prétendant
subscription's~abonnement de
Bluebeard~bluebeard
Hinayana~hïnayâna
scrummed~scrummed
natch~natch
negatived~Rejet
buggery~sodomie
trudged~cheminé
regales~régale
quaintness's~quaintness de
pompousness's~de pompousness
massive~massif
edger~edger
motorcar's~automobiles
Europa~Europa
Blanchard's~Blanchard
hod~hotte
Jami's~Jami de
perennials~vivaces
pinfeather's~pinfeather de
porch~porche
skimmer's~skimmer de
misspells~Misspells
Nightingale~Rossignol
leprechauns~farfadets
exquisitely~exquisitely
longshoremen~débardeurs
medallist~médaillé
wagons~wagons
smithereens~morceaux
trepidation~inquiétude
Onion~Oignon
paean's~péan de
solidified~solidifiée
punchline~punchline
turtlenecked~encolure montante
awaited~attendu
Estonia~Estonie
gerbil~gerbil
insomniacs~insomniaques
Fuchs's~Fuchs de
cosplay~cosplay
viability~viabilité
moralisation's~de moralisation
inside's~est à l'intérieur
tenantry's~de métayers
chroniclers~chroniqueurs
unpreparedness's~impréparation de
Noyes's~Années Noyes
Cotswold's~Cotswold de
bushmaster's~de Bushmaster
blubber's~blubber de
beansprouts~germes de soja
hectically~hectically
backstory~backstory
provincialism's~de provincialisme
correlative's~correlative's
unkind~méchant
criers~criers
bonito's~Années bonite
Ramayana~Ramayana
mulct~amende
splotchy~tacheté
fellowman's~fellowman's
swordsmanship's~de swordsmanship
barbarianism~barbarisme
foreboded~foreboded
Cenozoic's~Cénozoïque de
gather~gather
amalgamated~amalgamé
callable~appelable
serge's~serge de
armature's~armature de
Semtex's~de Semtex
whipper~piqueur
cheeseburger's~cheeseburger de
nontropical~non tropical
topping~Garniture
catastrophically~catastrophiquement
marchionesses~marquises
refrigeration's~réfrigération de
proneness~proneness
sourest~plus aigre
eccl~eccl
bloats~bloats
sneakingly~sournoisement
awaking~éveillant
snatchers~Snatchers
Root~Racine
Shaula's~Shaula de
yoked~yoked
Hecuba~Hécube
restarted~redémarré
compile~compiler
neonate's~de nouveau-né
Bond~Liaison
slipstream~Slipstream
handpick~handpick
Alamogordo~Alamogordo
urethra~urètre
dawdled~dawdled
shied~répugné
croissants~croissants
Soave~Soave
insulating~isolant
proles~prolos
evocatively~evocatively
cubbyhole's~cubbyhole's
unsteadiness~déséquilibre
scarp's~de escarpe
seizure~saisie
passageway's~passage de
renown's~la renommée de
rationals~rationals
inductance~inductance
slideshow's~diaporama de
sarnie~sarnie
Garner's~Garner
encompass~encompass
vivider~vivider
forcible~forcible
eliminators~eliminators
ditto's~ditto's
whoopers~Whoopers
abominate~abominer
Judaism's~Judaïsme de
laptops~ordinateurs portables
pikes~brochets
haters~ceux qui haïssent
navy~marine
quails~cailles
girding~girding
sandwiching~prise en sandwich
Perseid's~Années Perséides
collard's~collard de
arum's~Arum de
reschedules~reporte l'
jocoseness's~jocoseness de
peripherally~périphériquement
airliners~avions de ligne
copse~copse
schnozes~schnozes
instability~instabilité
punctures~crevaisons
Artaxerxes~Artaxerxès
untimely~prématuré
impunity's~de l'impunité
bunkum~blague
Lupus~Lupus
vilification's~de dénigrement
vitrine's~Années vitrine
McCormick~McCormick
hotel~un hôtel
infusion's~perfusion de
encasement's~encasement's
hornpipes~hornpipes
Egyptians~Egyptiens
confidence's~la confiance de
faintly~faintly
Hobbes's~Hobbes
falteringly~falteringly
classiest~classiest
transmigrated~transmigré
remarkable~remarquable
warmonger's~belliciste de
mural's~peinture murale de
arsenic~arsenic
goggling~goggling
workplace's~lieux de travail
nutshell's~bref de
refiles~reclassements
leitmotivs~leitmotivs
burros~burros
gabs~gabs
spellchecking~vérification orthographique
cardiographs~cardiographes
biodiversity's~de la biodiversité
modifier~modificateur
placid~placide
blotto~BLOTTO
minorities~minorités
stewarded~surveillés pendant
Lilith's~Lilith
valour's~valeur de
psoriasis's~du psoriasis
knothole~Knothole
villager's~villageois de
proverbial~proverbial
misfitted~misfitted
maroon's~Maroon de
Elysee's~Elysée de
dishpan~dishpan
flasher's~flasher's
barrel's~le baril de
workbook~classeur
cliometricians~cliométristes
kindheartedly~kindheartedly
stop~Arrêtez
herself~se
subfamilies~subfamilias
aspirated~aspiré
Nicola~Nicola
incest~inceste
novice~novice
Attila's~Attila
screwworm~screwworm
douche~douche
hello's~bonjour de
Akihito's~Akihito de
via~via
mandarin's~mandarine de
coulomb's~coulomb's
Tasmanian's~de Tasmanie
blank~blanc
parasols~parasols
coloration~coloration
gibbers~gibbers
alighting~descente
watercourses~cours d'eau
tragicomedy~tragi-comédie
disruptively~disruptively
Coronado~Coronado
tearing~déchirure
Estonian's~estonien de
serenely~sereinement
Goff's~Goff de
recriminates~récrimine
subjoin~adjoindre
dethroned~dethroned
immediacies~immédiatetés
shoestring~petit budget
firing~firing
wrung~essoré
moonshot~moonshot
Yvonne~Yvonne
pretender~prétendant
durance's~durance's
responsible~responsable
legislature~corps législatif
bemusing~bemusing
binocular's~jumelles
introspected~introspection à
lookers~badauds
Rasalgethi~Rasalgethi
Albuquerque's~Albuquerque de
thread's~fil de
ensnarement~ensnarement
meaninglessness~insignifiance
record~record
plodder~bûcheur
thirtieths~trentièmes
rays~des rayons
canister~boîte
Puzo~Puzo
lizards~lézards
Caitlin~Caitlin
concordats~concordats
conditioners~conditionneurs
capitalisation's~capitalisation de
Sharpe's~Sharpe
magenta~magenta
Phrygia's~Phrygie de
calabooses~calabooses
mountain~Montagne
bucket's~seau de
retaliative~retaliative
sharpshooting~tir de précision
clawed~griffé
discredited~discredited
nightdress~la robe du soir
gravitated~gravitated
Mongols~Mongols
burnisher's~polisseuse de
venerability~vénérabilité
programmings~programmings
Portia's~Portia de
fervidly~fervidly
vaporous~vaporeux
Himmler's~Himmler
Naomi's~Naomi
Marge~Margarine
sponsoring~le parrainage
subsidiary's~filiale de
creed~creed
Wollongong~Wollongong
debate~debate
modernly~modernement
peons~péons
MasterCard~MasterCard
showcase's~vitrine de
denuclearised~denuclearised
Tamils~Tamouls
fitly~fitly
widowhood~veuvage
Spence's~Spence
Sadat's~Sadate de
elephant~elephant
broadloom~broadloom
amorousness~amorousness
antiquity's~antiquité de
swerving~embardées
Petain's~Pétain
skinniness's~skinniness de
solitariness~solitariness
Ozarks's~Années Ozarks
spritzed~spritzed
tuition's~de frais de scolarité
Euphrates's~Euphrate de
Anglicans~anglicans
confidant~confident
Darrin's~Jean-Pierre de
unkempt~négligé
facilitators~facilitators
declivity's~declivity's
Sophia~Sophia
Isaac~Isaac
safaris~safaris
encomium~encomium
kingmakers~kingmakers
Begin's~Commence
Twitter~Gazouillement
Nos~Nos
centring~centrage
quietness's~le calme de
sulphur~soufre
morns~morns
chaparrals~Chaparrals
fornicated~fornicated
jaywalking~jaywalking
unsuited~inapte
macros~macros
emancipators~emancipators
clamminess's~de moiteur
soulfulness's~de sentimentalité
derisive~derisive
mitt~gant
announced~annoncé
predisposing~prédisposant
bacchanal~bachique
firearm's~firearm's
vengefully~vengeresse
leading's~de premier plan
constitutes~constitue
Marlborough's~Marlborough de
grassing~grassing
restaurateur's~restaurateur de
asst~Asst
chiffoniers~semainiers
shaming~shaming
heartthrob's~de heartthrob
maybes~maybes
quadruplication's~quadruplement de
histrionically~théâtralement
medusae~méduses
imagery's~l'imagerie de
theodolite~théodolite
disagree~disagree
Guamanian~Guamiens
disburses~disburses
ensnares~ensnares
alack~un manque
sermonise~sermonner
robotise~robotiser
equably~equably
stymies~contrecarre
mildness~douceur
ringgit~ringgit
unbends~se détend
Mephistopheles's~Années Méphistophélès
groundings~groundings
samarium~samarium
manageable~maniable
forerunner~forerunner
baldfaced~baldfaced
coolant~coolant
dealerships~dealerships
Irishmen~Irishmen
derision~derision
ancestral~ancestral
Majesty~Majesté
stupefaction's~abrutissement de
neutral~neutre
arrogating~arrogeant
airlift~pont aérien
Lon's~Lon de
refreezing~regel
incomes~revenus
patricides~parricides
relegated~relégués
appliers~applicateurs
pawn~pion
overqualified~surqualifiés
Jagiellon~Jagiellon
dorks~dorks
versifier's~versificateur de
Kern~Kern
subparagraph~alinéa
pacemakers~un stimulateur cardiaque
jugful~contenu d'un pot
defeated~defeated
sneers~ricanements
invalids~invalides
potting~mise en pot
barnstormers~Barnstormers
Holcomb~Holcomb
hormone~hormone
counterpoint~counterpoint
newsstand's~kiosque à journaux de
armour's~années armure
waistcoat's~gilet de
dear~dear
moron~idiot
consecutive~consécutif
poppers~poppers
believed~a cru
Ariz~Arizona
quartet~quatuor
heartland's~Heartland de
rustproofs~rustproofs
colonoscopies~coloscopies
defends~defends
superscribing~superscribing
frolicsome~frolicsome
dynasty~dynasty
regatta~régate
animate~animer
remigrates~remigrates
satanic~satanique
cover's~cover's
incorrectness's~incorrection de
delinted~delinted
luxuriated~prélassait
Baedeker's~Baedeker
freckle~freckle
modal's~modal de
scuffs~épidermures
perilous~périlleux
computing~l'informatique
Fuentes's~Fuentes années
collation~collation
stupor~stupeur
deodorant's~deodorant's
Bangladesh~Bangladesh
hummus's~Années houmous
unsubscribes~désabonne
infect~infecter
cremating~cremating
SEATO~OTASE
proportionality~proportionnalité
marques~Marqués
Semitics~sémitique
philodendron~philodendron
Illuminati's~Illuminati de
freebasing~freebasing
diatonic~diatonic
smirches~smirches
cherish~chérir
grammarian~grammarian
carillon's~de carillons
peel~peler
Scotswoman~Écossaise
praises~louanges
anxiously~anxieusement
thaw~dégel
calmness~calme
tripper's~Tripper de
worse~pire
rehousing~relogement
Novocains~Novocains
despoiler's~despoiler's
Selassie's~Sélassié de
declaimers~declaimers
commonplaces~poncifs
Inchon's~Inchon de
dawdles~dawdles
bacterial~bactérien
Daren~Daren
Hoover~Aspirateur
burnt~brûlé
immobilised~immobilisé
interviews~interviews
replay~rejouer
blowfly~mouche à viande
eternalness's~eternalness's
stony~pierreux
rejoicing~réjouissance
Theseus~Theseus
lecture's~lecture de
schematics~schémas
guess~guess
numerologist's~de numérologue
firstborns~firstborns
cumbersomeness~cumbersomeness
dike~dike
blames~blâme
tangibility~tangibilité
arrowhead~pointe de flèche
wpm~mpm
firelight~firelight
beguilement's~de enchantement provoqué
romeos~Romeos
intimate's~est intime
typographical~typographique
stringier~stringier
engulfment's~engulfment's
inartistic~peu artistique
putterer's~putterer de
branched~ramifié
cultivates~cultivates
tweets~tweets
crimsoning~crimsoning
protectionism's~du protectionnisme
perfectness~perfectness
overtaking~dépassement
torched~incendiés
garrulity's~garrulity's
Geffen's~Geffen de
tutti~tutti
elegiacs~elegiacs
capsizes~chavirage
dillies~dillies
yen's~yen de
jabbering~jacasser
daunt~daunt
newlywed~nouveau marié
counterfoil's~counterfoil's
wonky~bancal
paybacks~récupération des coûts
gator~gator
straddles~straddles
peaty~tourbeux
usurer~usurier
ranger's~ranger de
oblations~oblations
unlatches~déverrouille
Cantu's~Cantu de
registration~enregistrement
jazz~le jazz
meson~méson
bury~enterrer
subtropics's~de subtropicales
comely~belle
barony~baronnie
Amati's~Amati de
enchiladas~enchiladas
unaffiliated~non affiliés
referees~arbitres
homonyms~homonymes
skullcap's~scutellaire de
Christensen's~Christensen de
floured~floured
nakedness~nudité
oars~rames
chance's~la chance de
sleigh~traîneau
vellum~vélin
mastheads~hunes
louvre's~louvre de
Cather~Cather
myopia~myopie
cornet's~cornet's
guild's~guild's
footrest's~footrest's
weapons~armes
remittance's~la remise de
Whitefield~Whitefield
greenhouses~greenhouses
queasy~indigeste
portrait's~portrait de
hacienda~hacienda
begrudges~begrudges
medicinally~médicinalement
instrumentalist's~instrumentiste de
magus~mage
progeny~progéniture
prowl~rôder
nostrum's~nostrum de
singletree~singletree
ardour~ardeur
playpen~parc pour bébé
blotch's~Années Blotch
esoterically~esoterically
reformed~réformé
damnably~damnably
Dorset's~Dorset
tastelessness~manque de saveur
Ike~Ike
warping~gauchissement
coital~coïtal
sirens~sirènes
pitchblende's~pechblende de
bordellos~lupanars
Emil's~Emil de
Como's~Côme de
unmade~non goudronné
major's~major de
Katelyn~Katelyn
arithmetical~arithmétique
victorious~victorieux
bulkheads~cloisons
wildfowl~sauvagine
Silurian's~de Silurien
flambeing~flambeing
pinup~afficher
northeasterly~nord-est
dispensers~dispensers
smudged~maculé
perchance~par hasard
incorrigible~incorrigible
tumidity~tumidity
divalent~divalent
tangentially~tangentiellement
infliction~affliction
upperclassman~upperclassman
lunchbox~boîte à déjeuner
Lemaitre's~lemaitre de
sunlamp~sunlamp
stirrers~agitateurs
placeholders~placeholders
fracked~fracked
perestroika~perestroïka
domestic~domestic
Lucille's~Lucille
clamping~verrouillage
Beauvoir's~Beauvoir de
semiotics~sémiotique
matriculated~inscrivit
stoop's~se pencher de
vicegerent~vicegerent
studding~bonnettes
skies~ciels
fibres~fibres
insecticide~insecticide
Wilford's~Wilford de
regex's~regex de
series~séries
unorganised~non organisé
precariously~précairement
Gross~Brut
canals~canaux
handover~handover
handmaids~handmaids
etude~etude
Vulgate~Vulgate
lichens~lichens
biophysicist's~de biophysicien
nontransferable~non transférable
libertine~libertin
comrade's~camarade de
snivelled~snivelled
unskillfully~sans habileté
conceptions~conceptions
gutted~gutted
trimester's~trimestre de
groins~groins
imperilled~en péril
busybodies~intrigantes
venison~venaison
undermines~sape
boilerplate's~boilerplate de
singing's~le chant de
petitioners~pétitionnaires
worshipping~idolâtrie
parasites~parasites
downdraught's~downdraught's
exterminating~exterminating
grip's~grip's
subdividing~subdivisant
hearkened~écoutèrent
frigidity's~frigidity's
Mahler's~Mahler
holdall~sac
explaining~explaining
yolked~vitellins
spec's~spec de
merganser's~harle de
preventable~évitable
Jagiellon's~Jagellon de
meekness~douceur
amazed~étonné
stickies~collantes
snowfall~chute de neige
bailing~videur
rhetorically~rhétoriquement
apathy~apathie
reactors~réacteurs
skater's~patineur de
mowing~fauchage
Steinway~Steinway
heterogeneity's~hétérogénéité de
sloucher's~Sloucher de
inoculating~inoculer
Pascal~Pascal
conspicuousness~conspicuousness
policymaker~décideur politique
Sabik's~Sabik de
carborundum's~carborundum de
clatters~claque
Chinook's~Chinook de
jamborees~jamboree
mouthpiece's~porte-parole de
cranberry~cranberry
quiver's~carquois de
chronicler's~chroniqueur de
unbowed~unbowed
rearrest~réarrestation
ellipsoids~ellipsoids
garrulous~garrulous
recruiter's~recruteur de
flagellates~flagellates
mordancy~mordancy
sprightliness~sprightliness
Surabaya's~Surabaya de
Bahamians~Bahamiens
announcer~annonceur
camshaft's~arbre à cames de
friendlies~friendlies
stoplight's~de feu rouge
stevedore~débardeur
inducts~intronise
scholasticism~scolastique
Helena's~Helena
bestiary~bestiaire
overture's~ouvertures
subjugated~subjuguée
airdromes~aérodromes
redistricted~redistricted
jacaranda's~jacaranda de
unglued~délite
divinest~divinest
Menotti's~Menotti
mesmeriser~magnétiseur
brawn~Brawn
separates~sépare
overprices~overprices
gabbles~gabbles
clacking~claquements
vacuoles~vacuoles
genteelness's~genteelness's
cove's~cove's
entertainments~entertainments
exacted~exacted
mastermind's~mastermind de
pilferer's~de chapardeur
counterfeiter~counterfeiter
annexation's~l'annexion de
chancel's~chancel de
uproots~déracine
Dumbledore's~Dumbledore
identifier~identificateur
speeding~excès de vitesse
cerise~cerise
own~posséder
knuckle~articulation
corruption~corruption
DiCaprio's~DiCaprio
brawniest~brawniest
Purims~Pourim
chickening~chickening
Clinton~Clinton
conjuncts~adverbes conjonctifs
sluggard's~paresseux de
dickybirds~dickybirds
pfennig's~Pf de
ischaemic~ischémique
ushered~a marqué le début
raglan~raglan
frailness~frailness
Crawford~Crawford
monograms~monogrammes
misfire's~ratés d'allumage de
compilation's~de compilation
soaking~trempage
pixel's~pixel de
SSA~SSA
rocker~bascule
tundra~toundra
etiquette~etiquette
unctuousness's~onctuosité de
waxwing's~de jaseur
dignifies~dignifies
Volgograd~Volgograd
Garrison~Garnison
maples~érables
tenured~titulaire
frolicker's~frolicker's
Corina's~Corina de
lurked~rôdait
typifies~typifie
transforming~transformatrice
disinterment's~disinterment's
mashup~écraser
Assamese~assamais
wheezily~wheezily
Scientologist~scientologue
technocracy~technocratie
falsifying~falsifying
wonderland~pays des merveilles
Latina~Latina
specie's~espèce
unsnapping~décliquetant
vertebrate's~vertébrés de
stances~prises de position
venerability's~de vénérabilité
pow~bang
gumshoeing~gumshoeing
blandness's~de fadeur
Ripley~Ripley
enchain~enchain
shuffling~brassage
peg's~cheville de
Leningrad's~Leningrad de
Pribilof's~Pribilof de
incomprehension~incompréhension
beefburger~Burger de boeuf
deducting~deducting
treacherousness's~traîtrise de
endoscope's~endoscope's
stringiness~filandreuse
sect~secte
Louisiana's~Louisiane en
brochettes~brochettes
safeguard~sauvegarde
cablecast~cablecast
teamwork's~le travail d'équipe de
exaggerating~exaggerating
reclassify~reclassifier
Lucian~Lucian
eructs~eructs
inquorate~inquorate
horrors~horreurs
beachheads~têtes de pont
Poirot's~Poirot de
methane~méthane
Nieves's~Années Nieves
symbolised~symbolisée
ency~ency
interpreted~interprété
beautifier~beautifier
Pavarotti~Pavarotti
genealogy~genealogy
piston's~piston de
decommission~decommission
smacker's~lèvres
dutifulness~dutifulness
undeceiving~détromper
curbing~curbing
Lamb~Agneau
tufter's~tufter de
pi's~pi de
Carolina~Carolina
headcount~effectifs
prompter~souffleur
midsummer~milieu de l'été
loanwords~loanwords
snazziest~traditions les plus chics
scuttlebutt's~Scuttlebutt de
manicuring~manicuring
Togolese's~togolais de
rallied~ralliés
tiepin~épingle de cravate
butchered~égorgés
cannon~canon
managers~gestionnaires
Medina's~Medina de
Gawain~Gauvain
giant~giant
diereses~diereses
remarkableness~remarkableness
smartest~plus intelligent
expressionistic~expressionistic
stylishness~élégance
handbook~handbook
intermediate~intermédiaire
butts~mégots
Liszt~Liszt
longueur~Longueur
Briggs~Briggs
cosmogony~cosmogony
knurl's~Années moletés
swath's~fauchée de
distinctively~distinctively
Menkalinan~Menkalinan
flauntingly~flauntingly
Gina's~Gina
pageantry~apparat
comparative~comparatif
makeshifts~expédients
novelised~romancé
roaster's~torréfacteurs de
submerging~submersion
injudiciousness~peu judicieux
Post~Poster
sheepish~penaud
sparkler's~Années Sparkler
Bulgaria~Bulgarie
Chandon~Chandon
Guarnieri~Guarnieri
modeller~modeleur
Puritanism~puritanisme
Sheba's~Sheba de
monitions~monitions
profession's~les professions
Nativity's~Nativité de
Allahabad~Allahabad
Mani's~Mani de
scallop~coquille
navy's~marine de
recruited~recrutés
laparotomy~laparotomie
limping~claudication
accelerated~accéléré
invulnerable~invulnérable
dipped~dipped
tailgating~talonnage
prefacing~préfacer
entreaty's~entreaty's
renegotiation's~renégociation de
queried~interrogé
costumed~costumed
Potomac's~Potomac de
flatboat~flatboat
puffin~macareux
scumbag~scumbag
bard's~barde de
automobile's~automobile de
criminality~criminality
Timothy's~Timothy de
climatologist's~climatologue de
accommodation's~logement de
swerved~fait une embardée
remote~éloigné
gesticulated~gesticulated
enzyme's~enzyme's
pottiness~pottiness
sadistic~sadique
Lenard~Lenard
megabits~mégabits
vibrated~vibrait
coca~coca
Flynn's~Flynn
laments~se lamente
thrushes~grives
truther's~de truther
grievers~grievers
medicating~médicamenter
partitions~partitions
contrarian~contrarian
Kettering's~Kettering de
nitrate's~de nitrate
orientals~Orientaux
latitudinal~latitudinal
fuzzes~fuzzes
contour's~contour's
expedite~expedite
minimisation's~minimisation de
sickbays~infirmeries
learning's~itslearning
ASCII's~ASCII de
Connemara~Connemara
saddlers~selliers
joey~joey
multiplex~multiplex
houseboat~péniche
nice~agréable
telephone~Téléphone
Watkins~Watkins
melodramatics~mélodrame
spare's~de rechange
cancellations~annulations
Dutchmen's~Années Dutchmen
Ustinov~Ustinov
pantyliner~Protège-slip
holidays~vacances
chaplain's~aumônier de
blanked~occulté
lookouts~belvédères
sensor~capteur
sulphides~sulfures
wafts~éclaircies mais
Ultrasuede~Ultrasuede
kinder~kinder
enchantress's~enchantress's
xylophone's~de xylophone
anomalous~anormal
decaff~decaff
electron~electron
sovereignty~la souveraineté
pressurisers~pressuriseurs
meaty~de viande
cutoff's~cutoff's
Corneille's~Corneille
gleaners~gleaners
endorse~endorse
convivially~convivially
repulsiveness~repulsiveness
swarm~essaim
camerawomen~camerawomen
superfluity's~de superfluité
purification's~purification de
drastic~drastic
blockade's~Le blocus imposé par
Squanto's~Squanto de
reneger~reneger
scherzos~scherzos
charcoals~fusains
Olaf's~Olaf
finalise~finalise
lagged~retardée
jello~Jello
conqueror's~cONQUÉRANT
broncs~broncs
dazzlers~dazzlers
cutters~cutters
masterstroke's~masterstroke de
ant's~fourmis
fundraiser's~fundraiser's
voter~électeur
dockworker~dockworker
catheter~cathéter
bicameralism's~de bicaméralisme
scraps~restes
retro's~rétro de
lovely's~belle de
covetous~covetous
feistier~feistier
excisions~excisions
acerbating~acerbating
semiautomatics~semi-automatiques
equation~equation
nodes~nœuds
longhorn~longhorn
Loyang's~Loyang de
dynamite~dynamite
sachem's~de sachem
effected~effected
puerile~puéril
foal~foal
resonant~résonnant
snazzier~snazzier
carmine~carmin
ashen~cendré
towelette's~lingette de
talebearer~rapporteur
snug's~douillet de
prongs~broches
coshing~coshing
pocketbook's~livre de poche de
vendettas~vendettas
macaws~aras
abounded~abondé
picketing~piquets de grève
posted~posté
doping~doping
Seder's~Seder de
piddling~minable
toleration~tolérance
covers~covers
leg~jambe
twitch's~twitch de
forklift's~forklift's
graspable~graspable
ewe~ewe
Izvestia's~Années Izvestia
Mac~Mac
elaboration's~elaboration's
Cicero~Cicéron
diversification's~diversification's
desiccated~desiccated
mere~simple
Winifred~Winifred
showpiece's~pièce maîtresse de
poultices~cataplasmes
Barney's~Barney
Aesop's~Aesop de
proceeds~produit
Penelope's~Penelope de
anuses~anuses
misapplying~mauvaise application
carburettor~carburateur
ditransitive~ditransitive
Anglicization~anglicisation
liar~menteur
matter's~matière de
connivers~Connivers
Genevieve~Geneviève
reprieve~sursis
tanner's~tanneur de
unreservedly~sans réserve
unlovelier~unlovelier
illegally~illégalement
drawl's~drawl's
joy~joie
Bern~Berne
livelihoods~les moyens de subsistance
Rottweiler~Rottweiler
choreographers~chorégraphes
exobiology's~exobiology's
flight~flight
immobilising~immobilisant
regress's~régressent de
thirstiness~soif
boning~désossage
nonattendance~nonattendance
Zebedee's~Zébédée de
requital~récompense
schussboomer~schussboomer
Devonian's~Dévonien de
routers~routeurs
ellipse's~ellipse's
cloven~fourchu
applauder~applauder
transacted~traitées
Levine~Levine
frenzied~frenzied
gee~gee
bedizened~chamarrés
jottings~Carnet de voyage
Malayan~Malayan
twits~twits
chisellers~ciseleurs
wardroom~wardroom
Moravia's~Moravie du
tarsals~tarses
epoch~epoch
illustrious~illustre
grounder's~grounder's
cortical~cortical
downers~downers
pluck~cueillir
Bangor's~Bangor de
aprons~tabliers
spar~longeron
Gautier~Gautier
kidder's~Kidder de
cultivator~cultivator
replacement's~remplaçants
helplessness~impuissance
taxable~imposable
determiner~determiner
scratch~rayure
addict~toxicomane
Pharisees~pharisiens
betokened~présageait
amortises~amortit
zigzag's~zigzag de
unreality's~irréalité de
pentameters~pentamètres
nisei's~nisei de
Christmastime~Période de Noël
Matthias~Matthias
reemployment~réembauche
ultrasound~ultrason
Pontiac's~Pontiac de
parka~parka
godliness's~godliness's
dogmatism~dogmatism
pommelling~pommelling
joshed~joshed
Europeans~Européens
gadabout's~gadabout's
nonconstructive~nonconstructive
piastre's~piastre de
milkmen~milkmen
hopelessness's~de désespoir
represented~représenté
drumlin~drumlin
runarounds~habillages
Haida~Haida
succinctly~succinctement
filaments~filaments
justifies~justifie
mandrill's~mandrill de
Transylvania's~Transylvanie de
commandeer~réquisitionner
bodied~corsé
isolationist's~de isolationnistes
mournful~triste
last~dernier
indigent's~de indigentes
Frau~Frau
apogees~apogées
impulsive~impulsif
chandelier's~lustres
quickie~coup rapide
Pitt's~Pitt
durability~durability
bejewels~bejewels
complainer's~de râleuse
dockworker's~dockworker's
detergent~detergent
tootled~tootled
croppers~croppers
nerd's~ballot de
harebells~harebells
kookaburra~Kookaburra
interim's~intermédiaires de
dealing's~dealing's
refrained~abstenus
sailboards~planches à voile
dourest~dourest
headlined~en tête d'affiche
monarchies~monarchies
rumpuses~chahuts
shininess~shininess
detests~detests
Clancy~Clancy
negativeness~negativeness
astronaut's~astronaute de
underemployed~sous-employés
incest's~de l'inceste
cunninger~cunninger
heliport's~hélistation de
incommensurately~incommensurablement
halterneck~halterneck
squiring~squiring
booty~butin
invoke~invoquer
antagonise~contrarier
flabby~flabby
logic~logique
prepossessions~préventions
strophe~strophe
madrassa~madrassa
isobar's~isobares de
unpleasant~désagréable
winkers~winkers
storm's~tempêtes
erratically~erratically
retracted~rétracté
tastefulness's~tastefulness de
Mississippian's~mississippienne de
rockets~roquettes
riddling~remuage
ovoids~ovoïdes
portent~présage
uppercut's~uppercut de
slop~pâtée
earner~earner
Wake~Réveiller
deposition~deposition
Duffy~Duffy
masker's~masker de
sooth's~sooth de
Huntley's~Huntley de
verso~verso
obbligato's~Années obbligati
coiners~monnayeurs
Maltese~maltais
coconut's~noix de coco de
program~programme
workload's~la charge de travail de
tinged~teinté
quilter's~artisane de
determinable~determinable
basally~basalement
leashed~leashed
weepers~pleureuses
LibreOffice's~LibreOffice de
unpersuasive~peu convaincante
Angolan~Angola
Lassie~Gamine
quill's~cannette de
Rockies's~Rockies de
retrograde~rétrograde
truthfulness's~véracité de
homeyness's~de homeyness
waylaid~waylaid
ferrets~ferrets
courtyards~courtyards
screeched~Screeched
weatherproofs~weatherproofs
honeydews~miellées
budging~bougeant
mallard~colvert
shaking~tremblement
biochemicals~biochimiques
gearshifts~gearshifts
poulticed~cataplasmes
ferry's~ferry's
gallimaufry's~gallimaufry's
stunted~rabougri
sluts~salopes
mongered~mongered
Rosanne's~Rosanne de
emendations~emendations
coup's~coup's
adjudge~prononcer
instantaneous~instantané
embers~embers
nondrinker~nondrinker
RAM~RAM
flew~flew
eyeballs~eyeballs
glaciation's~glaciation's
sod's~années gazon
bluebells~jacinthes
tripling~triplement
Wycliffe's~Wycliffe de
epitomised~epitomised
rainmaker~faiseur de pluie
fettered~fettered
yaws~pian
Lakshmi~Lakshmi
jetsam's~Années jetsam
bounds~bornes
fidget~fidget
godfathers~godfathers
trimarans~trimarans
thalamus's~thalamus de
slaying's~terrassant de
colossi~colosses
cane~canne
ac~ac
Arianism's~de l'arianisme
nonacceptance's~de la non-acceptation
shavers~rasoirs
legion~légion
biretta's~Années Biretta
solderer~soudeur
overcapacity's~surcapacité de
Miles~miles
churner's~baratte de
gobbles~gobbles
screwier~screwier
undressed~déshabillé
Luvs~luvs
admiringly~admirative
pendant~pendentif
klutzier~klutzier
iceman~iceman
hugeness's~de hugeness
disarray's~disarray's
cretonne's~cretonne's
multilingualism's~le multilinguisme de
paled~pâli
ail~tous
womb~utérus
Roxanne~Roxanne
foxholes~foxholes
grandaunt's~grandaunt's
robotic~robotique
overmanned~aux effectifs pléthoriques
Bacchus's~Bacchus années
bookbindery's~de reliure
Maratha's~Maratha de
vantage~avantage
Bordeaux~Bordeaux
planning~Planification
apoplexies~apoplexie
soullessly~sans âme
chasers~chasers
Holley~Holley
laddering~échelonnage
costumer's~costumer's
assassin~assassin
snare~piège
Morocco's~Maroc de
imbecilities~imbécillités
heels~talons
nonsympathiser's~nonsympathiser de
fizzed~fizzed
hotblooded~au sang chaud
transporter~transporteur
interpenetrated~interpénétré
felling~felling
Coward~lâche
competitiveness~compétitivité
welders~soudeurs
bleariness's~bleariness de
lead~conduire
argent's~argent de
lavish~prodiguer
ginkgo's~ginkgo's
cox~cox
collapsing~effondrement
enervating~enervating
salaam's~salaam de
despoilment's~despoilment's
blowhard~blowhard
indulgence's~indulgence de
wussier~wussier
unbroken~ininterrompu
unearthly~surnaturel
abrading~abraser
mast's~mât de
Beau~galant
flooder~flooder
bacillary~bacillaire
beachhead's~tête de pont de
necking~pelotage
retentive~fidèle
bilingualism's~du bilinguisme
individualistically~individualiste
arousal's~l'excitation de
Garfield~Garfield
herbicide's~de l'herbicide
songster's~de songster
churners~barattes
Gehrig's~Gehrig
manicured~manucurés
bass~basse
sweatsuits~sweatsuits
curtaining~curtaining
womanises~womanises
crippling~crippling
deer's~deer's
semimonthlies~semimonthlies
quibble's~argutie de
verbose~verbeux
Russ's~Russ
beguile~séduire
titular~titulaire
swelling's~de l'enflure
expository~expository
cornet~cornet
snowier~plus de neige
swooshing~swooshing
aromas~arômes
either~either
ricochet~ricochet
supervention's~supervention de
trolling~pêche à la traîne
fusillade's~fusillade's
partials~partials
sexologist~sexologue
pun's~jeu de mots de
similitude's~de similitude
Kossuth~Kossuth
segues~enchaînements
bakeries~boulangeries
woodchuck~marmotte d'Amérique
undischarged~undischarged
Cyclades's~Cyclades de
antagonist's~antagoniste de
atlas's~atlas de
belladonna's~belladone de
cultured~cultured
forebodes~forebodes
cadenza's~cadenza de
sputter's~pulvérisation cathodique de
virility~virilité
abruptness~brusquerie
reed's~roseaux
unhealthiest~unhealthiest
Hecate's~Hecate
logrolling~échange de concessions mutuelles
speechless~muet
krauts~boches
neglects~néglige
cruise~cruise
fretting~fretting
heirloom's~Heirloom de
sortieing~sortieing
inducting~introniser
Douglass~Douglass
tortoise's~tortue des années
purveyed~véhiculée
viscounts~vicomtes
Guarani~Guarani
zounds~Morbleu
foreordained~foreordained
united~uni
disgusts~disgusts
leaches~sangsues
multiprocessor~multiprocesseur
ghee~ghee
fugues~fugues
kebab~kebab
Swedenborg~Swedenborg
tenacity's~la ténacité de
browser~navigateur
anabolism~anabolisme
heck~Zut
gentlemanly~gentlemanly
birdies~birdies
mothball~boule de naphtaline
Cayuga's~Cayuga de
uncharged~non chargé
dusting~dusting
foreseeing~foreseeing
slowdown~ralentissez
pirated~piraté
splaying~ébrasement
blindness~cécité
subtrahends~subtrahends
upholstery's~tissus d'ameublement de
bedaubing~bedaubing
supercargo~subrécargue
economist's~economist's
scenarist~scénariste
spillover's~retombées de
disallows~disallows
weightlifting~musculation
timeliness~opportunité
emits~emits
lisped~zézayé
tole~tole
spanned~enjambé
Tricia~Tricia
reeve~président du conseil municipal
conduce~conduire à
muffing~muffing
quitclaims~cessions par renonciation
riddance's~Années Riddance
amigo~amigo
pandemonium's~de Pandemonium
Barbados~Barbade
programming~la programmation
published~publié
mister's~Monsieur de
guilder~guilder
Bjerknes~Bjerknes
Boulez~Boulez
bevvy~bevvy
electrotype's~electrotype's
predesignating~predesignating
Greg's~Greg
steelyard~balance romaine
driveller~driveller
systole~systole
Aramco~Aramco
Crockett~Crockett
whammed~whammed
unlawful~illicite
Kazan's~Kazan de
brackish~saumâtre
outstays~outstays
demist~demist
acupressure~acupression
formulations~formulations
antipasto's~Années antipasto
premise~prémisse
segregating~ségrégatif
groupware~groupware
legibly~lisiblement
conservatism~conservatisme
foaling~foaling
bellybuttons~Nombrils
fussiest~fussiest
carjacked~carjacked
foregrounding~foregrounding
engulfed~engulfed
ophthalmologists~ophtalmologistes
Mumford~Mumford
endurable~endurable
centrefolds~Centrefolds
simulation's~simulation de
Rover's~Rover de
forester~forester
porridge's~bouillie de
Evelyn~Evelyn
Marta~Marta
commandeered~réquisitionné
attacker's~attaquant de
caloric~thermique
mizzen~artimon
snaps~boutons-pression
Vichy's~Vichy de
logon's~ouverture de session de
throwaways~throwaways
harness's~harnais de
capping~capsulage
flukiest~flukiest
unimpaired~intact
pus~pus
vituperation~vitupération
vacation's~les vacances
dictatorship's~dictatorship's
paisley's~paisley de
merchantman~marchand
whitewall~mur blanc
Tsitsihar~Tsitsihar
Atropos's~atropos de
scuzziest~scuzziest
handcars~handcars
Atalanta~Atalanta
chequebook~Carnet de chèque
Tina~Tina
remote's~distance de
exquisite~exquisite
reenactment's~de reconstitution historique
begetter~génitrice
underpays~underpays
badlands's~de badlands
Basho's~basho
beastliness~bestialité
livers~foies
Cohan~Cohan
presents~présente
separators~séparateurs
mouthwash's~rince-bouche de
unusual~inhabituel
sullenness~maussaderie
geld~geld
Hispaniola~Hispaniola
firecrackers~firecrackers
dipper~dipper
asininities~âneries
Kantian's~kantien de
lemon~citron
windjammer's~Windjammer de
journalists~journalistes
homeland~patrie
helluva~helluva
gingered~gingered
mumbler's~mumbler de
homeroom's~de classe titulaire
seethed~bouillonnait
Malayans~Malaisiens
vehemence~véhémence
overlord~suzerain
nitwit~crétin
sunbelt's~Sunbelt de
ballot's~bulletin de
urination's~de la miction
outfight~outfight
hags~hags
rugger~Rugger
bleakness's~de morosité
Juan~Juan
Aurelius's~Aurèle de
nosiness's~nosiness de
flowerbed~flowerbed
normalcy~normalité
penlights~penlights
blitz~blitz
stupid's~est stupide
blurred~flou
pacification~pacification
galvanic~galvanic
combo~combo
Nubian's~de nubiens
patients~les patients
spiffed~spiffed
respectability~respectabilité
blankest~Blankest
rookies~rookies
seigneur~seigneur
impeacher~impeacher
yawl~yawl
hies~HIES
quadruples~quadruplets
congratulates~félicite
grandiloquent~grandiloquent
intimidatingly~intimidatingly
aerator~aérateur
Cora's~Cora
work~travail
sneakers~baskets
child~enfant
shocks~chocs
differs~differs
mortgaging~hypothèque
Bryan's~Bryan de
banner's~bannière de
institute's~institut de
tends~tend
barbering~barbering
magnesium's~magnésium de
dying~dying
antidotes~antidotes
rewords~reformule
stitching's~de couture
feminine's~feminine's
rich's~de riches
splashed~éclaboussé
Dorothea's~Dorothée
ghostwritten~ghostwritten
conjure~conjurer
spin~tourner
roadblock~barrage routier
mountainside~montagne
handset's~handset's
Gilbert's~Gilbert
foresters~foresters
oilskins~cirés
toilet~toilette
porterhouse~aloyau
Rushmore~Rushmore
den's~den's
perceptual~perceptive
Edgardo~Edgardo
jabbers~jabotages
Beaufort~Beaufort
Scotchwoman~Écossaise
bloke's~bloke de
investigator's~les enquêteurs
purveyors~fournisseurs
seducing~séducteurs
achiest~achiest
attractively~joliment
analysable~analysable
cozening~cozening
acrobatic~acrobatique
Luisa's~Luisa
winked~cligna
monologists~monologists
congregants~membres de la congrégation
boggiest~boggiest
divvies~divvies
Rufus's~rufus de
family~family
lodestone's~de magnétite
ravel~effilochage
craze~craze
thimble's~de dé à coudre
flab~flab
monition~monition
Antigua's~Antigua à
childbearing~maternité
sempstresses~couturières
neut~neut
pluralisation~pluralisation
juggles~jongle
contagion's~contagion's
monoxides~monoxydes
bushes~des buissons
whack's~détraqué de
rubidium~rubidium
BS~BS
lifebuoy's~bouée de sauvetage de
chenille~chenille
Ujungpandang's~Ujungpandang de
shredder~déchiqueteuse
host's~de l'hôte
replicator~réplicateur
operate~fonctionner
primrose's~Primrose de
politicisation~politisation
tautened~retendue
frilliest~frilliest
bouncier~bouncier
king's~rois
consuls~consuls
cod's~morue de
aerospace~aérospatial
mullions~meneaux
sewed~cousaient
Sihanouk~Sihanouk
aureus~aureus
metrically~métriquement
Batman's~Batman
reallocation~réaffectation
lenitive~lénitif
palpable~palpable
repasts~repas
testing~essai
vasectomy~vasectomie
shiners~cireurs
granularity~granularity
Maltese's~de Malte
slouches~slouches
donation~donation
motivator's~facteur de motivation de
austere~austère
bioreactors~bioréacteurs
tenderiser~attendrisseur
Rumsfeld~Rumsfeld
majoritarians~majoritarians
honester~plus honnête
discotheques~discotheques
Lucretia's~Lucretia de
communicability's~de communicabilité
register's~registre de
silencer~silencieux
longstanding~de longue date
tragedian's~de tragédien
vileness's~de vilenie
churn's~le taux de désabonnement de
sportswear~tenue de sport
Calliope's~Calliope de
tumult's~tumulte de
outhit~OUTHIT
Rf's~Rf de
gibbered~gibbered
fathomable~fathomable
Onion's~Oignons
Tojo's~Tojo de
distributions~distributions
plummet~plomb
nymphomaniac~nymphomane
condoned~fermé les yeux
quacking~quacking
totalling~soit un total de
gads~gads
pouncing~bondissant
photoengraving~photogravure
sorely~grandement
deducted~deducted
clavicle's~Années clavicules
rimming~anulingus
predeterminer~predeterminer
overcooks~cuit trop
mercenary~mercenaire
respect's~respects
jading~jading
though~bien que
Niobe's~Niobe de
womaniser's~coureur de jupons de
earliness~earliness
footlings~footlings
once's~est une fois
prefigures~préfigures
vaunted~vantée
Tecumseh~Tecumseh
bawdiness~paillardise
headrest's~appuie-tête de
Manuel~Manuel
Noriega~Noriega
boltholes~trous de boulons
marsupial's~marsupial de
savvies~savvies
sophist~sophiste
mouthpiece~embouchure
outs~outs
outboards~HORS-BORD
brew's~infusion de
transporting~transport
bookshops~librairies
peerages~pairies
miniskirt~mini-jupe
Cruikshank's~Cruikshank de
girder's~girder's
impanelling~impanelling
bottlenecks~goulots d'étranglement
bevel's~biseau de
wound~blessure
indomitable~indomptable
accesses~les accès
pilchard~pilchard
Yaounde~Yaoundé
Delicious's~délicieux de
snaffle~bridon
attitudinising~attitudinising
Zworykin's~Zworykin de
vociferous~bruyant
playable~jouable
interment~inhumation
kidnapper~kidnappeur
instituted~institué
paraplegic's~paraplégique de
decoder~decoder
shins~tibias
distaste's~distaste's
birdsong~birdsong
frogmarched~frogmarched
graffito~graffito
Ascension~Ascension
demystification's~demystification's
wiglet's~wiglet de
desiccator~desiccator
colourant's~colorant de
ached~faisait mal
depravities~depravities
limbo's~limbes
subjectivity~subjectivité
placer's~placers de
monsoon~mousson
garbanzo~garbanzo
smooch~se bécoter
reveres~Reveres
dimpling~dimpling
refrains~refrains
fighters~fighters
scatting~scat
barbiturate's~barbiturique de
Chambers's~Chambers de
IMF's~FMI de
televised~télévisée
Borodin's~Borodin de
sussing~sussing
Merriam~Merriam
narrowly~étroitement
concussion's~commotion cérébrale de
sandmen~Sandmen
middlemen~intermédiaires
drumming~drumming
Cook~cuisinier
Corvallis~Corvallis
infuriate~exaspérer
luxuriousness~richesse
Sondheim's~Sondheim
restructured~restructuré
Charbray's~Charbray de
thermostats~thermostats
nullify~annuler
agriculturalist~agronome
ploddings~ploddings
tied~lié
glissandi~glissandi
communication~la communication
Beau's~Beau de
splinted~solidarisées
nutcracker~casse Noisette
steadfast~ferme
Kevlar's~Kevlar de
limpidly~limpidly
confuse~embrouiller
catwalks~catwalks
foretaste's~foretaste's
schlepping~schlepping
punster~personne qui fait calembours
pallidness's~de teint blafard
achiever~Achiever
validation's~validation de
fraction's~fraction's
unbuttoned~déboutonnée
WSW~WSW
sumps~puisards
all's~tout est
incredibility~invraisemblance
poodles~caniches
snip~couper
subjects~sujets
singed~roussi
fractiousness's~fractiousness's
jogging's~de faire du jogging
sampling's~de prélèvement
robe~peignoir
videophone's~vidéophone de
Pembroke~Pembroke
Ishmael~Ismaël
Huey~Huey
malingerer's~malingerer de
Hampshire's~Hampshire de
precariousness~précarité
smithy's~smithy de
crumble~crumble
vicing~vicing
admonishment~admonestation
granddad's~granddad's
refacing~ravalement
rhea~Rhea
sequestered~séquestré
divestitures~divestitures
hewing~havage
oregano~Origan
towlines~câbles de remorquage
undervalues~sous-estime
unlawfulness's~de illicéité
headlamp~lampe frontale
deprivation~deprivation
sojourn~séjour
raving~délirant
zither~cithare
retrogrades~rétrogrades
overland~par la route
daintier~daintier
stile~montant
endorser~endorser
portraitist's~portraitiste de
stateroom~cabine
blueprinted~blueprinted
becoming~devenir
schizophrenic~schizophrène
numismatics's~de numismatiques
northeasters~northeasters
churns~barattes
clangs~clangs
snowmobiles~motoneiges
lad's~garçon de
deicers~deicers
Brain~Cerveau
preemptive~préemptif
Kalb~Kalb
polynomial's~polynomiale de
seductiveness's~de séductions
Oliver~Oliver
portraying~dépeignant
piers~piles
beatifying~béatifiante
hydrologist's~de hydrologue
mime~mime
tamale's~Tamale de
benched~benched
mile's~mile de
postilion~postillon
flushing~flushing
breaker~briseur
demotion's~demotion's
invade~envahir
marines~marines
sufficiently~suffisamment
lambskin's~Années lambskin
reboil~rebouillage
unwieldy~lourd
incarnating~incarnant
chi~chi
Solzhenitsyn~Solzhenitsyn
Hogwarts's~années de Poudlard
duckweed's~duckweed's
multiple's~de multiples
Mazola~Mazola
acquiesced~acquiescé
quaked~tremblé
piston~piston
woodpile~woodpile
pluralised~pluralisée
Muawiya~Muawiya
triple~tripler
lease~bail
wanderings~vagabondages
exacter~exacter
radium~radium
oncology's~oncologie de
Iberia~Ibérie
permuted~permuté
motets~motets
sades~Sades
westerly's~ouest de
subplot~subplot
hostilities's~de hostilités
pub's~Pub de
trifle~bagatelle
farms~farms
std~std
retorted~rétorqua
Schumann's~Schumann
butter's~beurre de
swanned~swanned
decapitating~decapitating
progressiveness's~de progressisme
Shackleton~Shackleton
pasteurisers~pasteurisateurs
shuffler~batteur
quadrilles~quadrilles
Galibi's~Galibi de
bedimming~bedimming
Jody~Jody
symbolisation~symbolisation
frequency's~frequency's
sharpish~sharpish
briefest~bref
panacea~panacée
mantle~manteau
Warner~Warner
cannibalism~cannibalisme
enigmatically~enigmatically
misprints~fautes d'impression
poorhouse~hospice
spliced~épissé
Mark~marque
coward~coward
IN~DANS
doxology's~doxology's
agronomy~agronomie
Lyndon~Lyndon
menswear's~vêtements pour hommes de
Buxtehude's~Buxtehude de
course~course
shambles's~années Shambles
junkie's~de drogué
dehydration's~dehydration's
furbishing~furbishing
whetting~aiguisage
Zechariah's~Zacharie de
springily~springily
atmospherics~parasites
Cambrian~Cambrien
nutritious~nutritif
toughs~toughs
punning~calembour
made~fabriqué
curtsy~curtsy
songfest's~songfest de
bearing~palier
skilful~habile
Velazquez's~Velázquez
diametrically~diametrically
complained~plaints
Rommel~Rommel
Crusoe's~Crusoe de
obstreperous~tapageur
Nepalese~népalais
effecting~effecting
dryer~dryer
disdain's~disdain's
purled~purled
hurlers~hurlers
scantest~ScanTest
caddied~caddy
Oshkosh's~Oshkosh de
uplift's~soulèvement de
cyborg~cyborg
witheringly~witheringly
Medellin's~Medellin de
closeness~proximité
egged~egged
fenestration's~fenestration's
resupplying~réalimenter
intelligently~intelligemment
rewired~recâblé
counteracting~counteracting
allegory's~allégorie de
avdp~avdp
rumple's~rumple de
immunology~immunologie
overbooking~surréservation
calve~vêler
Lear's~Lear
refrigerating~frigorifique
curtain's~curtain's
frenetic~frenetic
fortnights~fortnights
gravimeter~gravimeter
jumps~sauts
groundwork~groundwork
incur~encourir
Nahuatl~nahuatl
decorator~decorator
enchained~enchained
speculations~spéculations
Port's~Port de
pitches~emplacements
proletarians~prolétariens
continuance~continuance
annulments~nullités
Lassie's~Lassie de
squirrelling~squirrelling
separatists~séparatistes
lapidary's~lapidaires de
chivalrousness's~chivalrousness de
chauffeuring~de chauffeur
Cindy's~Cindy
chrysalis's~chrysalide de
Methodist~méthodiste
spumes~spumes
nomads~les nomades
dyspeptics~dyspeptics
jollily~jollily
brickbat~morceau de brique
bleep~bip
enacting~enacting
Antioch's~Antioche de
swizzles~swizzles
jadedness's~de incuriosité
shiftlessly~shiftlessly
Tempe~Tempe
Premyslid~Premyslid
coercer's~de coercer
reconvene~reconvoquer
Copernicus~Copernic
recoveries~recouvrements
birdie~petit oiseau
jaguar~jaguar
snots~morves
strollers~poussettes
silvered~argenté
MIT~MIT
LL~LL
bursar's~économe de
budgerigar~perruche
discomfit~discomfit
reprisal's~représailles
dived~dived
Brunei's~Brunei de
gastroenteritis~gastroenteritis
quieted~calmée
psychotherapists~psychothérapeutes
impenitently~impénitent
jubilantly~jubilant
extrapolations~extrapolations
humiliated~humilié
incisors~incisive
sheikh~cheik
miscalculations~erreurs de calcul
monocle's~de monocle
paregoric's~paregoric de
anthropomorphism's~de l'anthropomorphisme
lathe~tour
merchantmen~navires marchands
banknote's~billet de
Nicolas~Nicolas
wadges~wadges
houseman's~Houseman de
airbases~bases aériennes
freeware~freeware
hangman~hangman
accuracy's~la précision de
semidarkness's~demi-jour de
harpy~harpie
scummed~écumé
whoreish~whoreish
wingding's~wingding de
mortgagees~créanciers hypothécaires
aquarium's~aquarium de
sacrament~sacrement
skewer's~brochette de
overdrew~overdrew
Yumas~Yumas
breached~violé
scrips~scrips
retrod~retrod
virgule~Virgule
catamaran~catamaran
impressionability~impressionnabilité
reintegrates~réintègre
playbook~PlayBook
roundworm~ascaris
repeater~répétiteur
nonverbal~non verbal
Joplin's~Joplin
excretes~excretes
aunt's~tante
plusher~plusher
amontillado's~amontillado de
beastly's~bestiale de
Stuttgart's~Stuttgart de
Quaternary's~quaternaire de
cloudiness's~nébulosité de
searchers~chercheurs
ceiling~plafond
ODs~ODs
sisterliness~sisterliness
whisperers~chuchoteurs
Ryukyu~Ryukyu
snatched~arraché
noncontagious~non contagieuse
Dacron~Dacron
rabies~rage
orthographies~orthographes
needlework~travaux d'aiguille
Morrow~matin
decamped~decamped
wade's~wade de
Flora's~Flora
caused~causé
xv~xv
O'Rourke~O'Rourke
gents~gents
frustum's~frustum's
rematch~match retour
temps~temps
firelighters~firelighters
gunshot~gunshot
crotchet~crotchet
gimcrackery~gimcrackery
fishnet's~fishnet's
wrongdoing's~faute de
Jaipur~Jaipur
Caledonia's~Calédonie de
zodiacal~du zodiaque
choices~les choix
butchering~dépeçage
Dagwood's~Années Dagwood
Junker~Junker
immodest~impudique
nonperformance~non-exécution
augmenters~augmenters
con~escroquerie
Donn~Donn
syndication~syndication
distinctive~distinctive
Colgate's~Colgate de
modulation~modulation
hopper~trémie
sizing~dimensionnement
Hampton's~Hampton de
outlawing~hors la loi
mints~bonbons à la menthe
customisation~customisation
underachiever~underachiever
rivalries~rivalités
mine's~le mien
fainer~fainer
testiness~attestation
hesitance's~de hesitance
boccie's~boccia de
unbinds~délie
tritely~banalement
Sophoclean~sophocléenne
grazing~grazing
plague's~peste de
skull's~crâne de
certify~certifier
deconstructionists~deconstructionists
alternating~alternance
elegiac's~elegiac's
outtake's~de outtake
fold~fold
illiteracy's~de l'analphabétisme
Lapland's~Laponie de
Lisa~Lisa
lyric's~Paroles
trousers's~pantalons de
flimsiness's~flimsiness's
ftps~ftps
muleteers~muletiers
straights~lignes droites
commercialism~mercantilisme
napes~nuques
silkily~soyeusement
rouble's~rouble de
unflinching~à toute épreuve
deployment's~deployment's
toolmaker~outilleur
Tortola~tortola
catalpas~catalpas
gluttons~gluttons
jaywalked~jaywalked
funked~funked
Rousseau~Rousseau
manga~manga
cutthroats~cutthroats
cipher's~Le chiffre du
floret~floret
Messiaen's~Messiaen
burping~rots
McIntyre~McIntyre
fuddles~fuddles
situation's~La situation de
arpeggios~arpèges
Dublin~Dublin
coracle's~coracle's
leprosy~lèpre
Tancred's~Tancrède de
nonspecialist's~de non-spécialistes
stabbing's~de coups de couteau
hothead~exalté
Suharto~Suharto
slaying~terrassant
ump~ump
counteract~counteract
cosmos's~cosmos's
kelp~varech
orris~orris
germinal's~germinal's
pollination's~de la pollinisation
hardhearted~hardhearted
foodstuffs~foodstuffs
precanceled~precanceled
flakiest~flakiest
Matthews's~Matthews de
operator~opérateur
peppercorns~poivres
queens~reines
vouch~garant
visualising~visualisation
Jewel's~Jewel de
currant~currant
Sinclair's~Sinclair
lightning~foudre
astray~égaré
salad~salade
mallow~mauve
compacting~compactage
questionnaire~questionnaire
leader's~dirigeants
shanghais~Shanghais
wen~loupe
Cheerios's~Années Cheerios
Coltrane~Coltrane
horribleness~horribleness
chomping~chomping
jukebox's~de juke-box
yttrium's~de l'yttrium
chronologist's~chronologiste de
amnions~amnios
stabilisation~stabilisation
rankest~rankest
god's~god's
unwraps~déballe
accelerating~l'accélération
guitar's~guitar's
spend~dépenser
mailbombed~mailbombed
Kama's~Kama de
tenderised~attendri
talker~parleur
discloses~discloses
Baffin~Baffin
Velcros~velcros
arbitrator~arbitre
islet's~îlot de
Owens~Owens
manager's~gestionnaire de
binges~bringues
scanty~maigre
metatheses~métathèses
Claudette's~Claudette de
barberry's~vinette de
tempestuousness's~de tempestuousness
malteds~malteds
blackness's~noir de
simplify~simplifier
haunter~haunter
shuttlecocking~shuttlecocking
nodal~nodal
proceeds's~Produit de
nuisance~nuisance
nonsense's~un non-sens de
stud's~Le haras de
palmist~chiromancien
freelanced~freelanced
arduously~arduously
aperitifs~apéros
mealtime's~années pendant les repas
echoed~echoed
headlight's~phare de
outsider~outsider
winiest~winiest
brownstone's~de brownstone
caffeine's~de la caféine
intravenous~intraveineux
outwit~se montrer plus malin
antispasmodic's~de antispasmodiques
noncriminals~noncriminals
lapel's~boutonnières de
outlaying~outlaying
trustfulness~trustfulness
shivering~grelottant
prostate~prostate
Leanna's~Leanna de
carder~cardeur
nobleman's~seigneur de
oligopoly~oligopole
Superbowl's~Superbowl de
PST~TVP
keepers~gardiens
jag~pointe
zwieback~biscotte
firmaments~firmaments
Hoffa~Hoffa
Bernanke~Bernanke
intuits~Intuitifs
amorousness's~de amorousness
Edam's~Edam de
manglers~manglers
jersey's~maillot de
douched~douched
workingmen~ouvriers
booksellers~libraires
rattraps~rattraps
pipit~pipit
withhold~retenir
entertainingly~entertainingly
Lavoisier's~Lavoisier
brotherly~fraternel
rubier~rubier
outfield's~de champ extérieur
Teflon~Teflon
behemoth~monstre
revisits~revisite
pleadingly~suppliante
plat~plat
misdoing's~méfait de
dowdiest~dowdiest
Gregg~Gregg
anybody~n'importe qui
hyperbolas~hyperboles
oxygenation's~oxygénation de
sombrero~sombrero
dickering~dickering
rehashes~rehashes
quittance~quittance
nicest~plus belle
dishonour's~dishonour's
oboe's~hautbois de
renewal~renouvellement
intranets~intranets
herpes's~années herpès
hallmarking~hallmarking
celebration~fête
rootless~sans racine
plunderer~pillard
Grimes~Grimes
exiguity's~exiguity's
kuchens~kuchens
nitrite's~de nitrite
hallucinogens~hallucinogens
lamentably~déplorablement
boogers~boogers
vomit~vomir
hairball~hairball
month's~mois
Sweden~Suède
anthem's~hymne de
constituencies~circonscriptions
tresses~chevelure
triangles~Triangles
eyeopener~eyeopener
chiropractics~chiropractie
sunbed~lit de plage
averted~permis d'éviter
drowsiest~drowsiest
helps~aide
gimmickry~gimmickry
guildhalls~guildhalls
respondent's~intimé
riling~riling
yolks~jaunes
frats~frats
ESPN's~ESPN
fascinatingly~fascinatingly
mongol~mongol
terminal~Terminal
heliotrope's~héliotrope de
thetas~theta
latecomers~retardataires
referent's~référent de
fear~fear
ytterbium~ytterbium
mutterers~mutterers
trucked~transportées par camion
demeanour's~demeanour's
undercoatings~sous-couches
blackamoors~moricauds
Capone's~Capone
usurper~usurpateur
imperceptible~imperceptible
Kalgoorlie~Kalgoorlie
vitiation's~de vitiation
headbangers~Headbangers
jerky~saccadé
hiring~embauche
overbearingly~overbearingly
Hung~sans majorité
annunciations~annonciations
convener's~convener's
apportioning~répartition
Wood~Bois
incredulously~incrédule
spammed~spammé
physiology's~physiologie de
membership~adhésion
gerrymandering's~gerrymandering's
Lysol's~Lysol de
hurtled~fonçait
evil's~evil's
gibbering~gibbering
Godhead~Divinité
shred~déchiqueter
otiose~oisif
endocrine~endocrine
humanisation~humanisation
censorious~sévère
offspring's~progéniture de
trons~Trons
Micawber's~Micawber
sympathiser's~sympathisant de
Tippecanoe~Tippecanoe
NC~Caroline du Nord
Peruvian's~Pérou de
starching~amidonnage
peps~EPEP
conduces~conduces
Daedalus~Dédale
W's~W de
selfishness's~son égoïsme
Siam's~Siam de
cofferdam's~de batardeau
channelisation~channelisation
slider~curseur
sportsmen~des sportifs
IRAs~IRA
sleepwalk~somnambulisme
arraign~accuser
inferno's~Années inferno
teenager~adolescent
Lombardy's~Lombardie de
proprietary's~de propriétaires
wisdom~sagesse
solitude's~la solitude de
fruitcake's~fruitcake's
prospects~perspectives
tron~tron
rhinoplasty~rhinoplastie
marbleised~marbleised
cliquish~cliquish
besmeared~barbouillé
appropriate~approprié
wapiti~Wapiti
bathed~baignés
mastered~maîtrisé
linkage~lien
stratospheric~stratosphérique
cottages~cottages
gallon~gallon
redcaps~redcaps
slicer~trancheuse
Aberdeen~Aberdeen
bookmobile's~de bibliobus
supersizing~supersizing
dressmaker~dressmaker
fishponds~fishponds
jailer~geôlier
plugin's~plug-in de
springing~jaillissant
rechristening~rebaptisant
juxtaposition's~juxtaposition de
custodianship's~custodianship's
ilia~iliaques
unsaddles~unsaddles
pond's~étang de
Gladstones~Gladstones
giveaway~giveaway
ponying~ponying
recruit's~recrue de
questioning's~de remettre en question
handsomest~handsomest
phosphors~phosphores
Zen~Zen
antidemocratic~antidémocratique
chattiness~chattiness
waiving~renonciation
Moro~Moro
symbolises~Symbolise
ruffling~ébouriffant
berms~bermes
referrers~référants
valedictions~protocole épistolaire
chevrons~chevrons
nonstarter's~de nonstarter
carrion's~charognes de
palatable~acceptable
bookstore~librairie
huddling~blottir
Courtney~Courtney
Aegean's~Aegean de
metaphysically~métaphysiquement
ratbags~ratbags
Ashgabat~Ashgabat
NYC~NYC
hieroglyph~hiéroglyphe
odometers~odomètres
valuable~de valeur
noncommercial~non commerciale
personifies~personnifie
minefield's~champ de mines de
unloaded~déchargé
typical~typique
rubbernecked~rubbernecked
purposeful~déterminé
jurors~jurés
exposition's~exposition's
hotfoot~à toute vitesse
alleviates~soulage
exception~exception
seances~seances
dearest~dearest
precocity's~de précocité
Ukrainian~ukrainien
wattage's~puissance de
photosynthesises~photosynthesises
tablelands~Tablelands
zealot~fanatique
mongrels~roquets
firedamp's~firedamp's
international~international
sop~amadouer
peacefulness~tranquillité
expressionism~expressionism
kneader's~pétrisseur de
Sherwood~Sherwood
commentates~commente
refastens~refastens
Hertzsprung's~Hertzsprung de
ache~mal
kilning~étuvage
sweetening~édulcorant
liquidises~liquidises
decal's~decal's
prickliness's~de chatouillement
Snapple's~Années Snapple
outruns~vainc
Madeline's~Madeline
softens~ramollit
Minnie~Minnie
mesmerises~hypnotise
sediment~sédiment
midyear's~milieu d'année de
beguiler's~pilleur de
Darwinism~darwinisme
housewife's~femme au foyer de
raffishly~raffishly
bailiwick~bailliage
ideologue~idéologue
endocrine's~endocrine's
sashes~Jupettes
circumspect~circonspect
catalyses~catalyses
decanters~decanters
hypothyroidism~hypothyroïdie
twerp~andouille
silicate's~silicate années
patenting~brevets
albatross~albatros
satiate~assouvir
underway~en cours
concussions~commotions cérébrales
aphrodisiac~aphrodisiaque
yarmulke's~yarmulke de
gunmetal's~gunmetal's
billy's~Billy
Caucasus~Caucase
gastronomic~gastronomic
Barbarella's~Barbarella de
shiv~Shiv
Pilgrims~Les pèlerins
roomer's~Années Roomers
Klein's~Klein
cudgellings~cudgellings
papacy's~papauté de
curtained~curtained
Baudrillard's~Baudrillard de
bodies~corps
Charon's~Charon de
trillion~billion
carmine's~Carmine
charisma's~Le charisme
scarcity's~la pénurie de
chrysanthemums~chrysanthèmes
enhances~enhances
Negress~Noire
wiretap's~écoute électronique de
Nolan~Nolan
fishes~fishes
dub's~dub's
mammalian~mammifères
playoff's~éliminatoire de
Cronus~Cronos
bluffer~esbroufeur
Valery~Valery
civilising~civilisatrice
jeremiad's~Années jérémiades
sentimentalisation~sentimentalisation
nonsocial~nonsocial
pestled~pestled
row's~ligne de
Quezon's~Quezon de
improvisational~improvisateur
Milosevic's~Milosevic
printout's~impression de
cockcrow~cockcrow
slashers~slashers
terrified~terrifié
ails~indispose
Lardner~Lardner
annalists~annalistes
Baptiste~Baptiste
Pandora~Pandora
histories~histoires
balefulness~balefulness
tranquillised~tranquillisée
daredevilry~daredevilry
soapstone's~stéatite de
lapwing's~de Vanneau
desists~desists
sourdough~levain
reconditioning~révision
demographics's~demographics's
inflected~fléchie
GitHub's~GitHub de
absorbingly~absorbingly
electoral~electoral
parole~parole
updraught~courant ascendant
Teotihuacan's~Teotihuacan de
refroze~recongeler
poos~poos
humility~humilité
anther~anthère
wretchedness's~de la misère
athleticism~athlétisme
eviscerate~eviscerate
Charmaine~Charmaine
Teotihuacan~Teotihuacan
nodule~nodule
overleaf~au verso
ridiculousness's~de ridicule
namedropping's~de namedropping
feelers~feelers
petunia's~Pétunia
glimmer's~glimmer's
microwaveable~microwaveable
trusty's~de fidèles
three's~trois de
sheepdog's~chien de berger de
rinse~rincer
funicular~funicular
tutu~tutu
fickleness's~fickleness's
CPU's~CPU
Zapata's~Zapata
lutanists~luthistes
corncob's~corncob's
peewits~vanneaux
Tanner~Tanneur
nuzzling~fouinais
xylophonist's~de xylophoniste
optimisms~optimismes
northwester's~northwester de
Villa~Villa
forester's~forester's
crewelwork's~crewelwork's
unreels~dévide
eventful~eventful
repeating~redoublement
Yemen~Yémen
coming's~vient
jujube~jujube
alphabetically~alphabétiquement
inchworm~arpenteuse
wilfully~délibérément
situated~situé
SPCA~SPCA
pigheadedness~esprit buté
splendour~splendeur
BO~BO
malleability~malléabilité
smarts~smarts
unicycle's~monocycle de
Leon~Leon
inefficiency~inefficacité
Elliot~Elliot
Kongo's~Kongo de
cooperated~cooperated
Thor's~Thor
forcefully~forcefully
hermits~ermites
Tiffany's~Tiffany
valency~valence
strangest~étrange
fifer~fifer
head~tête
woodsmen~woodsmen
ecumenism's~ecumenism's
Brady~Brady
faradizing~faradizing
Smolensk's~Smolensk de
Nazarene~Nazaréen
spammer's~de spammeur
Arminius~Arminius
cultism's~cultism's
chemo's~chimio de
cooler's~cooler's
sheltering~abri
awed~émerveillée
repopulates~repeuple
worryings~worryings
rapes~viols
coyote~coyote
waldo~waldo
haphazardly~haphazardly
prowler~rôdeur
bamboo~bambou
presidents~présidents
unattractive~peu attrayant
indistinctly~indistincte
rawer~rawer
palimpsest~palimpseste
covert~covert
corpulent~corpulent
irreclaimable~irrécouvrable
cartel~cartel
barracudas~barracudas
mescaline~mescaline
Taurus's~Taureau de
firebombs~firebombs
confabulated~imaginés et
dressed~dressed
privileges~privilèges
frogspawn~frogspawn
rainiest~pluvieux
Davao's~Davao de
scrummages~scrummages
delftware~delftware
consensus's~consensus de
fluctuations~fluctuations
backhoe~rétrocaveuse
pretentiousness's~pretentiousness de
composts~composts
landlady's~de maîtresse de maison
curving~curving
effendi~effendi
Holocaust~Holocauste
profanity's~jurons de
fluttering~fluttering
conferred~conféré
decrees~decrees
Jayne~Jayne
Bayamon~Bayamon
randomisation~randomisation
Daley~Daley
branch's~branche de
avidity's~de avidement
thunderer~Thunderer
sunstroke's~insolations de
safflower's~carthame de
lookalike~se ressembler
scrupulously~rigoureusement
skyrocketed~monté en flèche
winces~crispe
promethium~prométhium
Ahmadinejad's~AHMADINEJAD
concupiscent~concupiscent
selfies~selfies
Zachary's~Zachary
harpoon~harpon
furl's~furl's
judicature~magistrature
mellow~moelleux
bazooka's~Années bazooka
Darling's~chéri de
PhD's~PhD de
MA's~MA de
disinheritance's~disinheritance's
cakewalk's~de partie de plaisir
mishearing~orale et écrite
Smokey~Smokey
inattentiveness~inattention
tripod's~trépied de
statehood~indépendance
gong's~gong's
suppliant~suppliant
soda~un soda
afterimage~image différée
theatrics's~années théâtralité
salesgirls~vendeuses
puddling's~de puddling
Slavonic~slave
sibling~enfant de mêmes parents
convincingly~convincingly
wooziness's~de wooziness
Hades's~Hadès de
observed~observé
defalcation's~defalcation's
travestied~travestie
engorgement~engorgement
territory~territoire
muckrakers~muckrakers
shampoo~shampooing
fleetingly~fleetingly
vainly~vainement
fussbudget~fussbudget
McDonald's~McDonalds
finger~finger
fleecing~fleecing
swanking~swanking
embroidering~embroidering
Marxists~marxistes
Cecily~Cecily
stoppages~arrêts
Jesus~Jésus
discharge~discharge
rushes~se précipite
indulgent~indulgent
hint's~astuces
wilds's~Années wilds
Dylan~Dylan
rift's~Rift
remediable~remédiable
Alonzo's~Alonzo
hackwork's~hackwork's
Continental~Continental
unpick~défaire
whiting~merlan
Methodists~méthodistes
vaporiser~vaporiseur
demonstrable~demonstrable
morphine's~morphine de
Marseillaise~Marseillaise
sous~sous
Bridget~Bridget
signals~signaux
Hanoverian's~Années Hanovrien
visitor's~visiteurs
swish's~bruissement de
safari's~safari de
employees~employees
Loren~Loren
punchiest~punchy
Epicurus~Epicure
pussyfoot~ne pas se mouiller
gunslinger's~gunslinger's
fools~fools
letterbox~letterbox
spicy~épicé
watchers~observateurs
institutionalisation's~l'institutionnalisation de
tetchy~irritable
oppressively~oppressive
squeak~grincer
radial~radial
clamberers~clamberers
hypnotises~hypnotise
unfitness's~de l'inaptitude
levee~digue
Stacy~Stacy
Bartholomew~Barthélemy
whitebait~whitebait
rooter's~rooter de
destroys~destroys
Gestapo~Gestapo
rank's~rangs
siren~sirène
Hebrew~hébreu
peepshow~Peep Show
tendinitis~tendinite
industrially~industriellement
amphora's~de amphores
candidness's~de candidness
burdening~grever
crackerjack~crackerjack
culmination~culmination
gap's~gap's
decanter's~decanter's
board~planche
linden's~linden de
anthropologist~anthropologiste
waxing~fartage
Olen~Olen
plungers~poinçons
four's~four's
Eloy~Eloy
hairstylist's~hairstylist's
superintendence~surveillance
folkloric~folkloric
outgoings~dépenses
humidifying~humectation
indolently~indolement
stopping~arrêt
lorgnette's~lorgnon de
forger~forger
jousting's~de joutes
poetess~poétesse
contrarian's~contrarian's
miffing~miffing
Shaka's~Shaka de
harelip~harelip
assistance~assistance
Pyrenees's~Pyrénées de
paddling~pagayer
skulker's~skulker de
Bakunin's~Bakounine
dismays~dismays
wince's~WinCE de
MGM~MGM
pip's~pépin de
mint's~Monnaie de
Pentateuch's~Pentateuque de
jump's~saut de
residencies~résidences
parses~Parsis
telecasts~télédiffusions
lifebelt~ceinture de sauvetage
inspiration~inspiration
prate~jaser
remake's~remake de
overjoys~overjoys
Chimu's~Chimu de
backpack's~sac à dos de
ashtray's~cendrier de
fleabag's~fleabag's
ftping~ftping
delineating~delineating
smog's~smog de
twirled~tournoyé
parchment's~parchemin de
dogcart~dogcart
scold~gronder
experimentation's~experimentation's
inactivity~inactivité
cony's~cony's
people~gens
Cantu~Cantu
residing~résidant
narrows~passage étroit
Jetway~Jetway
temperamentally~temperamentally
requisition's~réquisition de
challenger~provocateur
haven't~pas
whelped~né la
neoconservative's~de néoconservateurs
dime's~dime's
repulsive~repoussant
legwarmers~jambières
abs~abdos
spyglass~lunette d'approche
tadpoles~têtards
Mandingo's~Mandingue de
purveyance's~de purveyance
W~W
chairperson's~président de
helium's~de l'hélium
guardianship's~guardianship's
conclusion~conclusion
baritone's~baritone de
welling~Welling
thirstiest~assoiffées
pensioned~pensionnée
fords~fords
accosts~accoste
swish~bruissement
sneakiness~sournoiserie
remapped~remappés
weekday's~jours de la semaine
portraitist~portraitiste
disgruntling~disgruntling
Julliard's~Juilliard de
quagmire~bourbier
unpasteurised~non pasteurisés
headliner's~tête d'affiche de
glimmering's~glimmering's
Elam~Elam
April~avril
L'Amour~L'Amour
rookeries~rookeries
opportunists~opportunistes
shellackings~shellackings
Felix~Felix
sensuousness~volupté
cuds~cuds
prosodies~prosodies
underwires~underwires
drownings~drownings
pumice~pierre ponce
jambalaya's~jambalaya de
receivership~mise sous séquestre
fatuousness's~fatuousness's
craze's~craze's
vogue~vogue
requires~a besoin
Orr~Orr
Apr~Avr
Plexiglas~plexiglas
newbie~débutant
smiles~sourire
Nielsen's~Nielsen
ringside~ringside
hazing's~de bizutage
Asoka's~Asoka de
curse's~curse's
Peel's~Peel de
nonstop~sans arrêt
purloining~rien dérober
impure~impur
luau's~luau
steamy~embué
snappishly~snappishly
puffiness's~de gonflements
hyperventilated~hyperventilés
profligacy's~de prodigalité
startled~surpris
manual's~Manuels
VD's~VD de
nonce~nonce
corneas~corneas
duchy~duchy
isolating~isoler
salts~sels
futzing~futzing
gawkiness~gawkiness
taskmistress's~de taskmistress
Leoncavallo's~Leoncavallo de
event's~event's
shafted~shafted
sentimentalist's~sentimentalist de
machination~machination
dowdier~dowdier
clever~intelligent
siring~Siring
reassess~réévaluer
Clarke's~Clarke
teardrops~teardrops
fertility~fertility
clitorides~clitorides
cavilled~ergoté
synods~synodes
containment~containment
Katrina~Katrina
Onega~Onega
traditionalism~traditionalisme
contradicted~contradicted
create~create
MIPS~MIPS
substructure~structure
Sunkist~Sunkist
seesaw's~de balançoire à bascule
burrito's~burrito de
reformatory~maison de correction
plonking~plonking
harp~harpe
disbeliever~disbeliever
Dutchman's~Néerlandais de
melee's~mêlée de
slovenliest~slovenliest
Ganges's~Ganges de
Gr~Gr
indecision~indécision
treble's~aigus de
inculcation~inculcation
defecate~defecate
multiplication's~multiplication de
ricers~Ricers
staple's~base de
hyphenates~coupe les
awakes~se réveille
stater~stater
cuboids~cuboids
Michiganite~Michiganite
indefensibly~de manière inexcusable
recantation's~de palinodie
reckoning's~compte de
pronoun~pronom
metabolite~métabolite
statelessness~apatridie
anchored~ancré
saprophytes~saprophytes
newer~plus récent
chapters~chapitres
curability~curability
Franciscans~Franciscains
reprising~reprenant
shimmer~miroiter
Alta's~Alta de
kinsfolk's~Années kinsfolk
Johnson~Johnson
merest~moindre
failure~failure
Thad's~Thad de
radicalism~radicalisme
foothills~foothills
wayfarer~voyageur
partying~faire la fête
psephologists~psephologists
r~r
reasoner~raisonneur
sinew~tendon
hooker~talonneur
spray~vaporisateur
ample~ample
reminiscences~souvenirs
rusk's~biscottes de
speak~parler
ileum's~de iléon
Minotaur~Minotaure
highhandedness's~de autoritarisme
roadwork~travaux routiers
Kenyatta~Kenyatta
confiscating~confisquant
Bordon's~Bordon de
belugas~bélugas
hovers~hovers
ungentlemanly~ungentlemanly
Shaw's~Shaw
nappy~couche-culotte
generals~generals
third's~troisième de
Czerny~Czerny
minis~Minis
haematology's~haematology's
shredded~déchiqueté
chopsticks~baguettes
sheen's~sheen
Felice~Felice
plenum~plenum
oversupply~offre excédentaire
Willemstad~Willemstad
houses~Maisons
regime's~régime de
spunks~Spunks
Hume~Hume
hairsbreadths~hairsbreadths
unlikely~improbable
subtitled~sous-titré
mugged~agresser
delicacy's~delicacy's
playlists~listes de lecture
zapper's~Années zappeur
Cthulhu~Cthulhu
acclaimed~acclamé
impropriety's~inconvenance de
discolouring~discolouring
hydrometry's~hydrométrie de
Martin's~Martin
reshipment's~de réexpédition
Tennessean's~Années Tennessean
swift's~rapide de
prattler's~fanfaron de
articulates~articule
browse's~Parcourir de
Vauban~Vauban
seawater's~de l'eau de mer
Dorothea~Dorothea
asks~demande
news~nouvelles
igloos~igloos
sprinkle's~Saupoudrez de
proprieties's~Années bienséance
microlight~ulm
haggles~haggles
coronation's~coronation's
starts~départs
resubmit~resoumettre
San~San
wide~large
allocates~Alloue
bureaucratising~bureaucratisation
lollop~courir gauchement
swordfishes~espadons
doggerel's~doggerel's
authentication~authentification
Tegucigalpa~Tegucigalpa
Kelley~Kelley
mirth~gaieté
theorist's~théoricienne de
burnable's~de burnable
dexterity's~dexterity's
uncontrolled~incontrôlé
fleetest~fleetest
vigorous~vigoureux
laundry~blanchisserie
bettered~amélioré
horsehide~peau de cheval
epitomising~epitomising
rarities~raretés
gamine~gamine
pettifog~pettifog
setscrew's~de vis de réglage
Kierkegaard~Kierkegaard
steelworker's~de métallurgiste
hamper~hamper
Hart's~Hart
scotchs~scotchs
enumeration~enumeration
ornament~ornement
tektite's~tectite de
depositor's~depositor's
Ashurbanipal~Assurbanipal
quantifiable~quantifiables
monarchy~la monarchie
lobotomised~lobotomisé
napped~molletonnée
mustachio's~mustachio de
snowballs~boules de neige
hysterectomy's~hystérectomie de
rowans~sorbiers
stolidity~flegme
Hyundai's~Hyundai
Verdun~Verdun
vacancies~offres
Suzy~Suzy
aggregation~agrégation
disturber's~disturber's
training~entraînement
goo~goo
meditation's~de la méditation
tampered~falsifié
climber~grimpeur
starling's~Starling de
kidnappings~enlèvements
emerge~emerge
directest~directest
madrasa's~madrasa de
sherry's~Sherry
paediatricians~pédiatres
trot's~trot de
conked~conked
penetrates~pénètre
handsomeness~handsomeness
insubstantial~négligeable
Samaritan~samaritain
slurry's~boue de
Liberace~Liberace
solicitation's~sollicitation de
mutterings~grognement
Tongans~Tongiens
gambol~gambol
taunt~raillerie
recapitalising~recapitaliser
noisy~bruyant
Walton's~Walton
Dalton~Dalton
purge's~de purge
showpieces~showpieces
ribbon's~ruban de
matchmaking~matchmaking
limbo~limbo
shamefully~honteusement
emancipator's~emancipator's
syntax~syntaxe
mitre's~Années onglet
Aldo~Aldo
syringe's~de seringue
flavour~flavour
Bavarian's~bavarois de
Elias's~Elias de
touting~vantant
warmest~le plus chaud
enzyme~enzyme
gritter's~gritter's
Erhard's~Erhard de
Myrdal~Myrdal
soared~monté en flèche
jogging~le jogging
Nickolas's~Années Nickolas
smooch's~bécoter de
inoffensiveness's~de inoffensiveness
bedaub~barbouiller
canton's~canton de
desperateness~desperateness
locavores~locavores
laddish~laddish
patella's~patella de
gavottes~gavottes
chumps~chumps
Ed's~Ed
hurricane~ouragan
successive~successif
beerier~beerier
Percheron~percheron
loses~perd
giddily~giddily
bullring's~Les arènes de
appeal~charme
Parcheesi's~parcheesi de
Traci~Traci
jabber~jacasser
ramification's~de ramification
depraves~depraves
sardines~sardines
transnationals~sociétés transnationales
permitted~permis
engross~engross
chimers~chimères
auditoriums~auditoriums
kindling's~petit bois de
NASCAR's~NASCAR de
crafted~crafted
Cincinnati~Cincinnati
staphylococcus's~staphylocoques de
partners~les partenaires
tine's~tine
bystander~spectateur
cotyledon's~cotyledon's
Wang~Wang
etcher~etcher
Pius's~Pie de
capos~capos
gentle~gentle
visualised~visualisé
archetypes~archétypes
reversal~renversement
attribution~attribution
responsively~en réponse
fistfight's~fistfight's
waxwork's~waxwork de
preparations~les préparatifs
settee~canapé
schmaltzier~schmaltzier
enfranchised~enfranchised
practicums~stages
whitewater~eau vive
incombustible~incombustible
wrecker~dépanneuse
vermicelli's~Années vermicelles
Tripitaka~Tripitaka
goldmine~goldmine
talkies~film parlant
misquote~déformer les propos de
grief's~grief's
mannish~hommasse
budgeted~budget
Suriname~Suriname
lumberer's~bûcheron de
acrophobia's~acrophobie de
maharishis~maharishis
copay~copay
campaniles~campaniles
mushes~bouillies
bumper's~pare-chocs de
rack~grille
Ellen~Ellen
magnify~amplifier
Spears~Spears
instigates~instigateur
linguine~pâtes linguines
godless~godless
topic~sujet
zinged~zINGED
corer~corer
satiation~rassasiement
sumptuousness's~de somptuosité
constituted~constitué
corgi's~corgi's
flatmates~flatmates
exaggerated~exaggerated
bubbled~barbotage
amnesics~amnésiques
intensifying~l'intensification
geophysicist's~geophysicist's
dented~dented
Macbeth~Macbeth
wayfarers~wayfarers
Asuncion's~Asuncion de
obscurities~obscurités
solarium~solarium
nonrhythmic~non rythmique
legerdemain~prestidigitation
misheard~mal entendu
tent~tente
camber's~de carrossage
peroration's~de péroraison
discourage~discourage
homestead~propriété
appoint~nommer
mermaid's~sirènes
Curitiba~Curitiba
antisepsis's~de l'antisepsie
lane's~Lane
Magsaysay~Magsaysay
Alas~Hélas
dispatching~dispatching
zoology's~de Zoology
Noels~Noels
home~maison
brewers~brasseurs
Gomez's~Gomez de
hill's~colline de
intends~a l'intention
Hilario~Hilario
buckram~bougran
communiques~communiques
uncompounded~uncompounded
coral~coral
disappointments~disappointments
wisterias~glycines
cashier~la caissière
Malinowski~Malinowski
altos~altos
undiscovered~non découvert
Mowgli's~Mowgli de
embroiled~embroiled
Pike~Brochet
Andalusia's~d'Andalousie
concealer's~anticernes de
subbasement's~de soubassement
desalinisation's~desalinisation's
recapped~Rechapé
Erna's~Erna de
bongo~bongo
idleness's~de l'oisiveté
phonetically~phonétiquement
B's~Bs
nodded~un signe de tête
Downy's~duveteux de
chimney~cheminée
infrequent~rare
trill's~Années trille
internalisation~intériorisation
hatcheck's~hatcheck de
strumpet~catin
surtitle~surtitle
primordial~primordial
anatomical~anatomique
delegation~delegation
Hanover~Hanovre
unhealthiness's~insalubrité de
stallions~étalons
bumbling~empoté
cloths~chiffons
sheer~pur
fibbers~fibbers
endorphins~endorphins
giggled~giggled
expatiates~expatiates
perception's~perception
percent's~pour cent de
Eva~Eva
funnelled~funnelled
formatted~formatted
sangfroid's~Années sangfroid
forte's~forte's
Roxie~Roxie
suntan~bronzage
neglecting~oubli
relatives~les proches
disputed~disputed
tormentors~tourmenteurs
passer's~passant de
shock~choc
zincked~zinguée
calibres~calibres
come~viens
escrows~escrows
haranguing~haranguing
clavichord's~clavicorde de
plaint~plainte
airheads~Airheads
nourishing~nourrissant
albumin's~de l'albumine
nooses~nooses
teachers~enseignants
shamefaced~honteux
youths~jeunes
weatherboarding~bardages
grammatical~grammatical
Srinagar's~Srinagar de
oddity's~de bizarrerie
mileposts~mileposts
machinery's~machines de
uncompensated~non compensée
Dorian~dorique
unrepresentative~non représentatif
Austerlitz~Austerlitz
contributing~contributing
unmentionables's~Années innommables
male~mâle
metier~métier
presentiments~pressentiments
cleaning's~de nettoyage
Knuth~Knuth
freehold~freehold
chippers~déchiqueteuses
deeming~deeming
draught~draught
bandwagon's~train en marche de
gulfs~gulfs
same~Même
baptisms~baptêmes
collocation~collocation
Tweedledee's~Tweedledee de
distillery's~distillery's
killing~meurtre
sweatshirts~sweat-shirts
raunchiest~raunchiest
electrics~electrics
experimenter~experimenter
mower~tondeuse
analogues~analogues
confiscations~confiscations
wane's~wane de
neatly~soigneusement
charged~accusé
plotter's~traceur de
vernaculars~vernaculaires
ambulance's~ambulance
ally~allié
timekeeping's~chronométrage de
scandalous~scandaleux
disability's~disability's
sarcophagus~sarcophage
pharmacological~pharmacologique
whitefishes~corégones
hardcovers~hardcovers
procreation~procréation
tamable~domptable
Moldavia~Moldavie
batiste~batiste
aureole~auréole
enchanter's~enchanter's
blessedly~bienheureusement
niggles~tatillonne
garret~garret
paps~paps
emended~emended
suppressed~supprimé
newel~Newel
peachiest~peachiest
short's~short
speed's~la vitesse de
formulas~formulas
tomcat~matou
snoopers~snoopers
Trey~Trey
redissolve~redissoudre
nightclothes~vêtements de nuit
RCA's~RCA de
kingdoms~royaumes
hilltop's~colline de
honorarium~honoraire
wastelands~terrains vagues
overlap~chevauchement
letup's~Années letup
militants~militants
captivate~captiver
draft's~draft's
Babylons~Babylons
tarantella's~Tarantella de
nonprofits~organismes sans but lucratif
phonograph's~phonographe de
flints~flints
permed~permanenté
Edwards's~Edwards de
delineation's~delineation's
riverbeds~lits de rivière
midlife~mi-vie
abodes~demeures
adventurousness's~de aventurisme
leave's~feuilles
Greg~Greg
Poznan's~Poznan de
pilgrimages~pèlerinages
innerspring~innerspring
discontinuous~discontinuous
electrifiers~electrifiers
Capetian~capétien
seeds~des graines
redecoration~redécoration
filter~filter
traitorous~traître
crouton~crouton
walleyes~walleyes
dry~dry
tawdry~clinquant
Hohenlohe's~Hohenlohe de
Chaucer's~Chaucer
rosin's~colophane de
depolarise~depolarise
poetess's~de poetess
blistering~cloquage
turds~étrons
disoblige~disoblige
inciter's~de incitateur
autoclaves~autoclaves
dipping~dipping
Leeuwenhoek~Leeuwenhoek
sterilisation~stérilisation
timing~timing
superposes~superpose
dove~dove
camiknickers~camiknickers
viciousness's~de viciousness
Lana's~Lana
aliened~aliéné
housing's~logement de
sopranos~sopranos
homestead's~années la propriété familiale
homicidal~homicide
Julie~Julie
victories~victoires
disarray~disarray
utmost~maximum
retraced~retracé
docilely~docilely
hernia~hernie
delicate~delicate
dimply~dimply
accursedness's~accursedness de
housecoat's~robe de chambre de
upbringing~éducation
outcome~résultat
microeconomics~microéconomie
fib~fib
glittering~glittering
repainting~repeindre
persuade~persuader
glues~glues
instruction's~instructions
Maimonides~Maïmonide
Grace's~grace
groveled~groveled
ungentle~Ungentle
househusband~homme au foyer
Romano's~Romano de
Hooker's~Hooker
exegeses~exegeses
courtrooms~courtrooms
expunging~expunging
Pogo~Pogo
RN~RN
motto~devise
Americana~Americana
Becket~Becket
marketability's~négociabilité de
ridership~le nombre d'usagers
broodingly~broodingly
fief~fief
halfway~halfway
Sutton's~Sutton de
conqueror~conquérant
payware~payware
misinterpreted~mal interprété
beltway~périphérique
monologue~monologue
Togolese~togolais
microphone~microphone
costing~costing
foreignness's~foreignness's
pressure~pression
communicator's~communicateur de
chimera's~chimère de
gannet~gannet
coerces~contraint
Innocent~Innocent
causeway~chaussée
indebtedness~endettement
choke~étranglement
calumniator~calomniateur
dander's~dander's
mattock~pioche
scintillates~scintille
Klansman's~Klansman de
runaway's~emballement de
ultimo~Ultimo
pepsin~pepsine
sabbatical's~sabbatique de
pedagogical~pédagogique
Reagan's~Reagan
Ellesmere~Ellesmere
spew~vomir
accuracy~précision
Conrad's~Conrad
moonbeam's~Moonbeam de
mutants~mutants
impeccability~impeccabilité
republics~républiques
stickiest~plus collant
houseful~houseful
commutation's~commutation de
plighting~plighting
failure's~failure's
Shantung~Shantoung
stroppiness~stroppiness
mkay~mkay
meagre~maigre
achier~achier
clansman~clansman
erection~erection
Kislev~Kislev
capsize~chavirer
corroborating~corroborating
displacements~displacements
hipbath~baignoire sabot
bop~bop
superstores~magasins à grande surface
malleable~malléable
alienation~aliénation
tatterdemalion's~Clochard de
Hamilton's~HAMILTON
tramp's~clochard de
mechanising~mécaniser
conned~escroqué
reporter~journaliste
xxxviii~XXXVIII
Gustavo's~Gustavo de
dissed~dissed
kennels~chenils
thespian~comédien
shootout~fusillade
antisemitism~antisémitisme
Magdalena~Magdalena
Conley~Conley
ornately~ornately
unrecognised~méconnu
Shriner's~Shriner de
snapper's~Années vivaneau
slit's~de fente
trapezoidal~trapézoïdale
predictors~prédicteurs
sheikdom's~sheikdom de
leper~lépreux
dependence~dependence
cavils~arguties
Mejia's~Mejia de
tongue's~la langue de
iridescence's~Années irisation
effusiveness~effusiveness
bleaches~décolorants
automatically~automatiquement
diffusion~diffusion
pygmies~pygmées
earnestness's~earnestness's
pizzazz~allure
bulldozes~bulldozer
sax~saxo
amateurishness~dilettantisme
recentness~récence
windbreaker's~coupe-vent de
radiotelephone~radiotéléphonique
twaddler~twaddler
marshier~marshier
minors~mineurs
mode's~le mode de
noninflationary~non inflationniste
maxims~maximes
Abram~Abram
posed~posé
hydroplanes~hydravions
graciously~graciously
artiste's~artiste de
relationships~des relations
trig~trigonométrie
spacewalks~sorties dans l'espace
racketeering~racket
chemist~chimiste
Marrakesh~Marrakech
physicals~examens médicaux
meshed~maillé
releases~de presse
muggy~moite
tenacity~ténacité
gofer's~gofer's
chronometer's~chronomètres de
illuminated~illuminé
casino~casino
troubadours~troubadours
grouts~grouts
apostasy~apostasie
boomers~baby-boomers
Shavuot~Chavouot
wises~WISE
Alistair's~Alistair
rearm~réarmer
desolated~desolated
detoxed~detoxed
Leo's~Léo
marathoners~marathoners
woofed~woofed
pathogens~agents pathogènes
fiat~fiat
bypass~contourne
dailiness~dailiness
grad's~grad's
Armando~Armando
nonexclusive~non exclusive
CIA~CIA
vices~vices
coin~pièce de monnaie
estimations~estimations
flutter's~flutter's
vicinity~environs
pranging~pranging
GDP~PIB
Doctorow's~Doctorow de
probation~probation
Nesselrode~Nesselrode
smartwatch~montre intelligente
accomplice~complice
redesign~redessiner
Menander~Ménandre
capsicums~capsicums
papering~tapisser
Izaak's~Izaak de
caution~mise en garde
bluefishes~bluefishes
lay's~Lay
irresolution~irrésolution
promisingly~promisingly
Esquire~Écuyer
topping's~en tête de
synergy~synergie
urinated~uriné
sewing's~la couture de
tutted~tutted
unexpectedness's~de unexpectedness
played~joué
rejuvenates~rajeunit
bestrides~enfourche
patio's~patio de
speckled~tacheté
catchpenny~catchpenny
betided~betided
acted~agi
out's~out est
Kan's~Kan de
obnoxiousness's~de obnoxiousness
dairyman's~dairyman's
archangel~archange
buoyantly~allègrement
applique~appliqué
relentlessness~implacabilité
alteration~altération
takeovers~prises de contrôle
duskiest~duskiest
flatness's~flatness's
Gujarat~Gujarat
Whitefield's~Whitefield de
objectiveness~objectivité
Othello~Othello
squabbling~chamailleries
carcinoma's~carcinome du
signify~signifier
imam~imam
incubates~incube
firework's~firework's
superintendency~surintendance
premed's~premed de
secondary's~du secondaire
zucchini~Zucchini
outran~suclassé
softwood's~résineux de
dared~dared
dexterousness~dexterousness
rubberises~rubberises
byroad's~de byroad
dirtiness's~dirtiness's
osteopath~ostéopathe
pursue~poursuivre
outlaw's~hors la loi de
room~chambre
polyclinic~polyclinique
foreseer~foreseer
astrakhan's~Années astrakan
scrapheap's~scrapheap de
USPS~USPS
CPR~CPR
haggis~haggis
funereal~funereal
lopsidedness~déhanché
Isaiah~Isaïe
McKnight's~McKnight de
fleeciness~fleeciness
Exocet~Exocet
Steele's~Steele
Sunnite~Sunnite
multitasks~multi-tâches
microlight's~de ulm
dome's~dome's
accrue~s'accumuler
joyless~triste
dingle's~dingle's
shirtwaists~chemisiers
sec'y~sec'y
backstop~filet de sécurité
tenting~tenting
effrontery's~effrontery's
leper's~de lépreuse
klutziness~maladresse
mafias~maffias
duckbill's~duckbill's
NBC's~NBC
view~vue
iamb's~CICC de
nonbelligerents~nonbelligerents
Agrippa's~Agrippa
irresponsibility's~l'irresponsabilité de
anachronistically~anachroniques
subdominant~subdominant
vagarious~vagarious
yodeller's~yodleur de
decontrol~decontrol
kickback's~contrecoup de
trumpeted~claironné
deregulate~deregulate
biodegrading~biodégrader
Arthur's~Arthur
disesteems~disesteems
statehouses~statehouses
imprecision~imprécision
duckbills~duckbills
swimsuit~maillot de bain
folksinging~folksinging
summoned~convoqué
yo~yo
lateral~latéral
Hegel~Hegel
razed~rasés
interlopes~Interlopes
atherosclerosis's~de l'athérosclérose
steered~dirigé
gunny~gunny
oblige~obliger
haiku~haiku
Paul's~Paul
bias's~ce biais
pollinates~pollinise
Pearson~Pearson
lightness~légèreté
guarantying~guarantying
stogie's~de stogie
retrofits~rénovations
stingily~chichement
provisional~provisoire
oleander's~de lauriers-roses
sulphide~sulfure
Gabon~Gabon
Karyn's~Karyn de
routes~routes
unobtrusiveness~unobtrusiveness
woodcut's~gravure sur bois de
Godard~Godard
shakes~shakes
ozone~ozone
waterlogged~détrempé
brat's~de sale gosse
Mongolian~mongol
Gangtok's~Gangtok de
fermentation~fermentation
owned~en propriété
Yesenia~Yesenia
handrail's~handrail's
disestablishment's~disestablishment's
pertinent~pertinent
encumbers~encumbers
exons~exons
byte~octet
Khulna~Khulna
Morris~Morris
sterling's~sTERLING
wet's~est mouillé
hereinafter~ci-après
tawdrier~tawdrier
dirndl~dirndl
limo's~limousine de
brioches~brioches
detachments~detachments
Serbs~Serbes
centrepiece~pièce maîtresse
crossing's~crossing's
distinguishable~distinguishable
equips~equips
asking~demander
ineffectively~inefficacement
erg~erg
Watteau~watteau
emblematic~emblematic
enraptures~enraptures
Marriott~Marriott
Johnie~Johnie
hilltop~colline
incommodes~incommodes
bulwarks~pavois
gemologists~gemologists
aortic~aortique
Teasdale's~Teasdale de
armpits~aisselles
resides~réside
evaluative~evaluative
squib~pétard
milkman~laitier
brought~apporté
orphanage's~orphelinat de
homogenises~homogénéise
forbear's~forbear's
Belg~Belg
mackinaw~Mackinaw
dishwasher~dishwasher
transiently~transitoirement
schismatics~schismatiques
charbroiled~charbroiled
halitosis's~halitosis's
ambassadorship's~de poste d'ambassadeur
Kaaba~Kaaba
cheetah's~Cheetah
labials~labiales
participants~participants
doltishness's~doltishness's
sepal~sépale
coastguard~garde-côte
weighs~pèse
toques~tuques
eloping~eloping
exceptionable~exceptionable
Elul's~Elul de
en's~en's
humbugged~humbugged
banqueting~Banqueting
outvote~mettre en minorité
Bimini's~Bimini de
godspeed~godspeed
Emmett~Emmett
operetta's~opérette de
foxtrotted~foxtrotted
unburden~soulager
immersed~immergé
tinniness~tinniness
fourteenths~fourteenths
newscast~nouvelles
nougat~nougat
Ingram's~Ingram
Kristine~Kristine
Farrakhan's~Farrakhan
battening~lattage
redetermine~redéterminer
divan~divan
roods~roods
Dominique's~Dominique de
horrific~horrible
unfurl~déployer
sprouted~germé
superber~superber
censoriousness's~de censoriousness
Theseus's~Theseus de
lamprey~lamproie
paternity's~la paternité de
AZT~AZT
mocker~moqueur
floodlighted~floodlighted
renounce~renoncer
virologist~virologue
millipede~millipède
separator's~séparateur de
outboasts~outboasts
output's~les sorties
tasselled~tasselled
scenarios~scénarios
sparseness's~de faible densité
convenes~convenes
gloves~gloves
hairdryers~hairdryers
bombard~bombarder
waltzer's~valseur de
expletive's~expletive's
yodels~yodels
haziness's~de nébulosité
rearmament~réarmement
paginates~pagine
Rockford's~Rockford de
presumably~probablement
withe~withe
flint's~flint's
implications~implications
disesteem~disesteem
tutored~tutoré
jobholder~titulaire du poste
Angola~Angola
flawlessly~flawlessly
teething's~fait ses dents
firmest~firmest
Cardozo~Cardozo
rude~grossier
vivas~Vivas
fruitcakes~fruitcakes
Styron~Styron
Salvadorian~salvadorienne
rehabilitated~remis en état
halfback's~halfback's
meme~mème
aqueduct~aqueduc
maharajah~maharaja
amputee's~amputée de
tannery's~de tannerie
dollar's~dollar's
granulates~granulates
mascaraing~mascaraing
Parthenon's~Parthenon de
congestion's~de la congestion
taciturnly~tacitement
duct~duct
Micah's~Micah
Peckinpah~Peckinpah
Ar~Ar
gatecrasher's~gatecrasher's
Cthulhu's~Cthulhu de
misgovern~misgovern
advise~conseiller
sloping~en pente
tsunami~tsunami
jury's~du jury
crunch's~crunch's
creaking~creaking
piousness's~de piousness
incommoded~incommodait
rasher's~rasher de
construction~construction
goldenest~goldenest
redcap's~de quéquette
Veblen~Veblen
nail~clou
beloved~bien-aimé
capacitor's~condensateur de
Douglass's~Douglass de
philanthropists~philanthropes
Balkans~Balkans
burglary~cambriolage
roughnecked~roughnecked
placenta's~placenta de
Reuther~Reuther
psychotherapies~psychothérapies
damsons~damsons
intuiting~pressentant
adumbrating~esquissant
copings~copings
woozily~woozily
irons~fers
auscultates~ausculte
remonstrance~remontrance
contrite~contrite
insight's~Clairvoyance
clanswoman~clanswoman
DMCA~DMCA
swearword~gros mot
ensure~ensure
misdealt~misdealt
gingerbread~gingerbread
planks~planches
legion's~Légion de
reveille~réveil
beekeeper~apiculteur
Molnar's~Molnar de
jadeite's~Années jadéite
remap~remap
emission~emission
poppycock~Balivernes
polkaed~polkaed
Kaiser~kaiser
favoured~favoured
inconstantly~inconstante
Pascal's~de Pascal
murderer~meurtrier
Virgos~virgos
hybrids~hybrides
optometry~optométrie
earthquake~earthquake
spirit's~esprit de
Ndjamena's~ndjamena de
viscus's~Années viscère
temporise~temporiser
Slavic's~slave de
sunbeam~rayon de soleil
Sioux~Sioux
blonde~blond
eMusic's~eMusic's
ligaturing~ligaturer
preseason's~de pré-saison
stet~STET
religion's~religion
connection's~les liaisons
bestir~bestir
crofters~crofters
Orlons~Orlons
rune's~rune de
advanced~Avancée
millisecond's~Années milliseconde
barcaroles~barcarolles
endoscopes~endoscopes
barfed~barfed
signet's~chevalière de
Lapp~Lapon
opposite~contraire
committing~engagement
joyfullest~joyfullest
Harare's~Harare de
Amelia's~Amelia de
bayberries~bayberries
thistle's~Le chardon de
chambered~chambré
spoonbill~spatule
shorebird's~limicoles de
clam~palourde
Shylock~Shylock
computerised~informatisé
governorship's~governorship's
Ashley~Ashley
ginger's~ginger's
mouthiness's~mouthiness de
hypes~hypes
perversity's~de perversity
SE's~SE
height's~hauteurs
undervaluation's~de la sous-évaluation
Woodhull's~Woodhull de
bulb's~ampoule de
unsold~invendu
cursively~cursively
pillage~pillage
naturalist~naturaliste
licentiousness~licence
Baltimore~Baltimore
squeezers~squeezers
toboggans~luges
indicators~indicateurs
univalve's~univalve de
nurse~infirmière
aligner's~aligneur de
splashdowns~amerrissages
stripteasers~stripteasers
Lou's~Lou
unsuspectingly~unsuspectingly
novena's~Années neuvaine
capers~câpres
dichotomy's~dichotomy's
ward~quartier
barmy~timbré
cyclometer~cyclometer
unabridged's~de unabridged
depreciates~depreciates
inception's~création de
proponent~partisan
peacetime~temps de paix
mirroring~mirroring
genitalia~genitalia
negotiability~négociabilité
journeyman~compagnon
char~carboniser
vestibule~vestibule
shear~tondre
leasebacks~externalisations
octagon's~octogone de
compassionate~compatissant
scoldings~réprimandes
outdistance~distancer
race's~les courses
diaphragmatic~diaphragmatic
Bratislava's~Bratislava de
outlast~survivre à
sowed~semés
curia~curia
shortcrust~sablée
bookplate~ex-libris
reneges~renie
chow~bouffe
stagnant~stagnant
menage's~menage de
mynahes~mynahes
criticisms~criticisms
synfuel~carburant synthétique
Nabisco's~Nabisco de
ruptures~ruptures
oilfields~champs de pétrole
proportionately~proportionnellement
slaked~chaux éteinte
allowance~allocation
earmuff's~earmuff's
inaugurating~inaugurant
buddy's~buddy
features~features
bittersweet~aigre-doux
expatiation's~expatiation's
Baruch~Baruch
actuator~actuateur
siblings~frères et sœurs
Mindanao~Mindanao
mirror~miroir
violation's~violation de
decrescendo~decrescendo
listenable~écoutable
hummus~Hoummous
prodigality's~de prodigalité
herring~hareng
yokels~manants
indebted~endetté
contrail~contrail
copycatted~copycatted
OTC~OTC
Frazier~Frazier
panniers~sacoches
Mexican~mexicain
stonemason~tailleur de pierre
brakemen~freineurs
Brando's~Brando
imprisonments~incarcérations
butterfingers~maladroit
avowedly~de son propre aveu
boa~boa
trapper~trappeur
Gen's~Gen de
expropriates~expropriates
Ezra's~Ezra
coccyx's~Années coccyx
evildoing's~evildoing's
spearfishing~spearfishing
letterpress~typographie
jetty's~jetée de
concisest~concisest
prefabricate~préfabriquer
playmate~camarade de jeu
collectivisation~collectivisation
fretsaws~fretsaws
hazelnuts~noisettes
mulch's~paillis de
thickets~halliers
meathead~meathead
hybridised~hybridées
foxy~foxy
macaque's~Années macaques
darner~darner
rampart's~rempart de
late~en retard
klutzes~maladroits
corporate~corporate
guarded~guarded
ceases~cesse
liberalism's~le libéralisme de
officialism~bureaucratie
sparkles~scintille
drainer~drainer
Rembrandt~Rembrandt
reshipped~réexpédiées
gearboxes~gearboxes
sympathy~la sympathie
deference~deference
antiquarian's~Antiquarian de
prostheses~prothèses
samovar's~samovar de
Lome~Lomé
hermaphroditic~hermaphrodite
mutt~cabot
sanitarians~l'assainissement
centreboards~dériveurs
brigadiers~brigadiers
fricasseeing~fricasseeing
Holstein's~Holstein de
bareback~à cru
printing~impression
spoilage's~la détérioration de
frumpish~frumpish
plastics~matières plastiques
integrates~intègre
unluckiness's~de unluckiness
stateliest~la plus majestueuse
jab~coup
floes~floes
bating~confitage
indentation's~indentation de
jingoist~cocardier
hardener's~hardener's
didst~didst
finder~finder
devise's~devise's
juicier~plus juteux
wrinklies~Wrinklies
intersession's~intersession de
unprincipled~sans scrupules
magnificence's~magnificence de
Lazaro~Lazaro
Amharic~amharique
identifies~identifie
ecclesial~ecclesial
soundbites~des extraits sonores
inheritance's~l'héritage de
cloaca~égout
Agamemnon's~Agamemnon
Edams~Edams
washboard~washboard
ghastlier~ghastlier
articles~des articles
kvetching~kvetching
fogbound~fogbound
released~libéré
coterie~coterie
nattiest~nattiest
precedent~précédent
grand's~grand's
moraine's~moraines de
McLuhan~McLuhan
lease's~location de
Carson's~Carson
Waco's~Waco de
bale's~balle de
wriggle~frétiller
supermarket~supermarché
amaze's~étonner de
profounder~profounder
foppishness's~foppishness's
attainable~réalisable
vagabondage~vagabondage
disqualified~disqualified
Maccabees~Maccabées
burns~brûlures
pod~cosse
agile~agile
Garth~Garth
tribesman~membre d'une tribu
thoroughfare~rue
Kochab's~Kochab de
Parmesans~Parmesans
Ferrari~Ferrari
televising~retransmission télévisée
simmered~mijotés
pocketful's~de Pocketful
damping~damping
Rickenbacker's~Rickenbacker de
earthquake's~earthquake's
aloof~distant
myth's~mythe de
expiration~expiration
syncopate~syncoper
Ephesus's~Ephèse de
muscled~musclés
esoteric~esoteric
Schmidt~Schmidt
plaything~jouet
twiddle~tourner
Ravel's~Ravel
subtends~sous-tendu
Rachmaninoff~Rachmaninov
shipwright~charpentier
predictability's~prévisibilité de
jeans's~Jeans
instead~au lieu
indents~tirets
enjoyment~enjoyment
paycheck's~chèque de paie de
absconder~fugitif
incommodious~étriqué
smallest~le plus petit
pillow's~oreillers
meteorology~météorologie
dower~dower
goldenrod's~goldenrod's
expiation's~expiation's
tilting~basculement
insist~insister
squarer~équarrisseur
kangaroo~kangourou
Kern's~Kern
mopers~mopers
flops~flops
Cocteau~Cocteau
pollen's~de pollen
riyal~riyal
goldbricking~goldbricking
microbiologist~microbiologiste
plopping~plopping
barriers~barrières
hiss's~années sifflent
miscasting~miscasting
pigheaded~entêté
stash~planque
birthmark's~birthmark de
appeaser's~de pacificateur
reject~rejeter
thrill's~sensations fortes de
capt~capt
harp's~harpe de
geldings~geldings
prodigiously~prodigieusement
lumberjack's~bucheron de
naiver~naiver
garnish~garnish
ingenue's~de ingenue
grasped~grasped
Caracas~Caracas
Steinem~Steinem
fetishism's~fetishism's
liveliness's~de vivacité
nonmetallic~non métallique
IPA~IPA
Vesta~Vesta
biomedical~biomédicale
adventuresses~aventurières
pacer's~de stimulateur cardiaque
determinants~determinants
feeders~feeders
Ismail's~Ismail de
decision's~decision's
televangelism~télévangélisme
macaques~macaques
oping~oping
unintended~involontaire
cheer~acclamation
Choctaw~Choctaw
Kobe~Kobe
Jacksonville's~Jacksonville de
Allyson~Allyson
antenna's~antenne de
Tasman~Tasman
primogeniture~primogéniture
gunmen~gunmen
planetarium's~Planétarium de
teacher~prof
godlessness's~godlessness's
greenbelt~greenbelt
sparked~déclenché
Merlin's~Merlin
kerfuffles~kerfuffles
regains~Regagne
Kleenex~Kleenex
indivisibly~indivisiblement
scroungers~chapardeurs
Espinoza's~Espinoza de
antennas~antennes
childcare's~de garde d'enfants
ungracefully~disgracieuse
molly's~molly de
preschooler's~enfant d'âge préscolaire de
reevaluate~réévaluer
uncannily~uncannily
Stine's~Stine de
contending~contending
vales~Vales
stealing~vol
operates~fonctionne
snowballed~boule de neige
buttercup's~renoncule de
cabana's~cabana de
developmentally~developmentally
temper~tempérer
rondo's~rondo de
upraising~relèvements
caimans~caïmans
Beardmore~Beardmore
Colleen's~Colleen
monopolist's~monopoleur de
fondly~fondly
broomsticks~manches à balai
Provence's~Provence de
shopping~achats
Ives's~Ives de
stablemate~stablemate
whisperer's~chuchoteur de
epoxied~epoxied
winemaker~vigneron
torrential~torrentiel
Queen~Reine
mufti~mufti
PRC's~PRC
syllabifying~syllabifying
thrift~épargne
morale's~le moral de
juveniles~les jeunes
merino's~Merino de
Saxony~Saxe
Fernandez~Fernandez
snowball's~boule de neige de
Belau's~belau de
muckraker's~muckraker de
reconverts~reconvertit
social's~sociale de
stampeded~rués
pratfalls~pratfalls
swiftness's~de prestesse
bravery~bravoure
rejigging~quelques retouches
Maynard~Maynard
headland~promontoire
ruthenium~ruthénium
divestiture~divestiture
brotherhoods~fraternités
boats~bateaux
washing's~lavage de
polyurethane's~polyuréthane de
Rolland~Rolland
Myrna~Myrna
reduplicated~redoublée
nausea's~de nausées
mitral~mitral
costar~costar
sectioned~sectionnée
lengthens~rallonge
hitch~attelage
diagonal~diagonal
officiant's~de officiant
Crayola~Crayola
intoxicating~enivrant
fuss~fuss
hostler~valet d'écurie
hatstand~portemanteau
Joni~Joni
resistance's~la résistance de
survey~enquête
Lavern~lavern
diversified~diversified
postlude's~postlude de
bloodsucker~sangsue
spokesman's~Le porte-parole de
Kirkpatrick's~Kirkpatrick
fastback's~fastback's
misanthrope~misanthrope
afar~au loin
proactively~de manière proactive
Nantes's~Années Nantes
candlesticks~chandeliers
succulency~succulence
hedonist's~jouisseur de
annihilation's~anéantissement de
distinctness's~distinctness's
Jonas's~Jonas de
Cyrano~Cyrano
listened~écouté
GATT's~GATT de
anguished~angoissé
overflying~qui survolait
Kitty~Minou
malls~centres commerciaux
smooches~smooches
fricative's~fricative's
vitrifying~vitrification
lateness~retard
Malthusian~malthusienne
maws~maws
bedimmed~obscurci
cheeriness~cheeriness
Carthaginians~Carthaginois
homophones~homophones
renovator's~rénovateur de
chauvinists~chauvins
crocheters~crocheters
muezzin~muezzin
angry~en colère
pilfering~chapardage
dubbed~dubbed
Carina~Carina
Herring's~Le hareng de
Hecate~Hécate
texting~envoyer des SMS
scarily~effroyablement
romanticist's~de romanticist
Wilkins's~Wilkins de
plughole~plughole
agnostic~agnostique
worksheets~des feuilles de calcul
clubs~clubs
partook~A pris part
elev~elev
empress's~empress's
cur's~cur's
extrapolation's~extrapolation's
nasals~nasals
kerb's~trottoir de
tap~robinet
presser's~presseur de
despairs~despairs
Archimedes~Archimède
dust's~dust's
DBMS's~SGBD
statistic's~statistiques
member's~membres
sympathising~sympathisante
loins~lombes
quiff~banane
immobilisation's~de l'immobilisation
incarnated~incarnés
Anibal~Anibal
birder~birder
sabot's~de sabot
vacuum's~vide de
Apocalypse's~Apocalypse de
ataxia's~ataxie de
regexps~regexps
ones~les
imprinting~impression
umbrage~ombrage
vapidly~vapidly
pharisees~Pharisiens
frolics~frolics
cumulonimbus's~cumulonimbus's
invests~investit
rotation~rotation
Bonhoeffer's~Bonhoeffer de
playboy's~Playboy
deprecation~deprecation
virologist's~virologue de
shot's~coups
flurries~flurries
sandstone's~grès des années
sallow~jaunâtre
broad's~large de
quintessence's~quintessence de
gluten's~gluten's
UFOs~ovnis
iconoclast~iconoclaste
shoguns~shoguns
doggone~doggone
kilter~bon état de marche
reviles~injurie
unplugging~débranchant
seacoasts~côtes de la mer
midday~midi
WHO's~OMS
tarantulas~tarentules
boatload~bateau plein
O'Casey's~O'Casey de
perforate~perforer
pro~Pro
consumable~consumable
Tc~tc
adventurousness~aventure
insipid~insipide
indubitably~sans conteste
furrow~furrow
containerised~containerised
environmentalist's~environmentalist's
weatherised~weatherised
wedge's~coin de
constipation~constipation
basketwork's~Années vanneries
shyness~la timidité
pranged~pranged
arbitration~arbitrage
harmony's~l'harmonie de
patina's~années patine
villus~villosités
vacuousness's~de vacuité
ghat's~ghat's
Icelanders~Icelanders
characterised~caractérisé
Kansas's~Kansas de
insurgences~insurrections
Alice's~Alice
Sasha~Sasha
handpicking~handpicking
fourths~fourths
foxhound~foxhound
hummers~hummers
guttural's~guttural's
employs~employs
Bible~Bible
Clement's~Clément
celibacy's~du célibat
parodied~parodiée
myrmidon~myrmidon
relaxer~défrisage
leftover's~les restes
tackers~agrafeuses
tanager's~tangara de
inheres~est inhérente
proposers~proposants
snappier~souplement
bloodlines~bloodlines
interventionism's~de l'interventionnisme
milksop's~milksop de
Portland's~Portland de
pronouncements~prises de position
witherings~Malade
ultimate's~ultime de
espaliered~espaliered
correlatives~correlatives
bruising's~ecchymoses de
nonentity's~de nonentity
fluxing~fluxing
dirtiest~dirtiest
ungainliness's~ungainliness de
tarots~tarots
classifier's~années classificateur
violincello~violincello
chambermaid's~de chambrière
regarded~considéré
waif's~champi de
resplendence's~de resplendence
Gromyko~Gromyko
spooring~spooring
autocracy~autocratie
petard~pétard
breathtaking~Stupéfiant
cheeseburgers~cheeseburgers
Gilda~Gilda
burritos~burritos
expressiveness~expressiveness
systematic~systématique
unbuckles~déboucle
braiding's~de tressage
chieftainship~chefferies
maltreatment's~mauvais traitements de
splines~splines
participators~participators
whereto~vers quoi
vindictiveness~caractère vindicatif
monarchist~monarchiste
nutcases~cinglés
pimps~proxénètes
anticipations~prévisions
hereditary~héréditaire
mammal~mammifère
flatted~flatted
mastectomies~mastectomie
granddaddies~granddaddies
Presbyterianism's~presbytérianisme de
halogens~halogens
exaggeration~exaggeration
expressways~expressways
naughtiness~mauvaise conduite
molls~molls
faultlessness's~faultlessness's
Wonderbra~Wonderbra
grower~grower
indicts~inculpe
snaring~chasse au collet
tillage's~du travail du sol
pruners~sécateurs
caryatid's~Années cariatides
requiter's~de requiter
transship~transborder
chattiness's~de chattiness
tenet~principe
emanation~emanation
gosling's~gosling's
exeunt~exeunt
interpenetration~interpénétration
satisfying~satisfaisant
Kennan~Kennan
dope~dope
Wilmer~Wilmer
replanting~replantation
forelock's~forelock's
monkeys~singes
superannuation's~la pension de retraite de
pipes~pipes
Jerome~Jérôme
Ginger's~Ginger de
singing~en chantant
Huerta~Huerta
mummery~momerie
columbines~ancolies
Xingu~Xingu
disposing~disposing
nonspiritual~non spirituel
fame~fame
aviation's~l'aviation de
rhesuses~rhesuses
blooding~blooding
coffeehouses~coffeehouses
takeouts~takeouts
couldn't~couldn't
forsake~forsake
backslappers~backslappers
aggrieve~affliger
Stein's~Stein
aromatherapist's~aromathérapeute de
offing~offing
umbra's~Umbra de
befitted~convenaient
longings~nostalgies
franchisee's~franchisee's
fitful~fitful
recto~recto
filched~filched
container's~container's
miaows~miaulements
prorating~proratisation
waterproofs~imperméabilise
inviolate~inviolé
recontaminating~recontaminer
excellency~excellency
callus~cal
Bangui's~Bangui de
spiriting~spiriting
harass~harass
Berbers~Berbers
ovule's~ovulaires de
fractiousness~fractiousness
roger~roger
disposal~disposal
intensively~intensivement
grooming's~grooming's
OTB~OTB
luxuriating~prélassant
overemphasises~surestime
Hussein's~Hussein
Rwy~rwy
doublespeak's~doublespeak's
fatality's~fatality's
Rouault~rouault
Pirandello's~Pirandello de
tactically~tactiquement
mutation's~mutation de
pouts~Pouts
en~en
foisting~foisting
extricated~extricated
gimcrack's~gimcrack's
ceremoniousness's~de cérémonial
Gladys~Gladys
towers~tours
prideful~orgueilleuse
ordinations~ordinations
peels~pelures
dreadlocks's~dreadlocks's
heartsick~heartsick
erbium's~erbium's
Leland's~Leland de
backlash~contrecoup
Fassbinder~Fassbinder
convincing~convincing
chows~chows
crocks~crocks
dragged~dragged
exothermic~exothermic
diners~diners
middy~Middy
sanctums~sanctums
comedies~comédies
payee's~bénéficiaire de
rodeos~rodéos
thirst~la soif
invalidate~invalider
jejunum~jéjunum
shagginess~shagginess
fortification~fortification
flosses~flosses
cooperating~cooperating
Trevino's~Trevino de
Mable's~Mable de
pecan's~noix de pécan
parish's~de la paroisse
absurdity~absurdité
Hungary~Hongrie
sired~cuisson désirée
typhoon's~typhon de
pheasant~faisan
plagues~fléaux
Jacobson~Jacobson
birds~des oiseaux
Roman's~Roman de
snarfs~snarfs
Camry~Camry
uncivilly~malhonnêtement
rheumatically~rheumatically
horribleness's~de horribleness
snaked~Snaked
writable~inscriptible
bookable~réserver
Ghats~ghats
gatepost~gatepost
concourses~concourss
disjointed~disjointed
veterinaries~veterinaries
reamer's~alésoir de
airdrop~airdrop
dynamics's~dynamics's
brandish~brandir
pluckily~crânement
reapportion~une nouvelle répartition
committeeman~committeeman
hysteric's~de hysteriques
grandniece~grandniece
antioxidant~antioxydant
secrets~secrets
insectivores~insectivores
clinching~clinchage
smartens~smartens
fiendishly~fiendishly
US's~États-Unis de
repaving~repavage
Tuesday~Mardi
dams~dams
Aztecan's~Aztecan de
Monty~Monty
Kaohsiung~Kaohsiung
markka~markka
subtrahend~subtrahend
clockwork~mouvement d'horloge
Rankin~Rankin
Zeno~Zeno
compos~COMPOS
tart's~tartes
suiting~conformes aux paramètres
destroy~destroy
coxcomb~coxcomb
piling's~de l'empilage
sixshooter's~Sixshooter de
emissary~emissary
congregation's~Congrégation de
finding's~finding's
versify~versifier
inoculation~inoculation
upsilons~upsilons
castings~pièces moulées
chafed~échauffé
skidpans~skidpans
psaltery~psaltérion
Joanna~Joanna
courteousness's~courteousness's
Liliana's~Liliana de
palaeontology's~de la paléontologie
rivulet~ruisseau
blueberry's~bleuets de
reservist's~de réserviste
daring~daring
Krebs~Krebs
glaciate~glaciate
palming~palming
advertiser~annonceur
overdubbed~overdubbed
countervailed~countervailed
Thais~Thaïs
announcements~annonces
secretory~sécréteur
cerebrum's~de cerebrum
diabolical~diabolical
fey~fey
orbits~orbites
redeployed~redéployés
hungover~gueule de bois
pigpen's~pigpen de
immodesty~indécence
accessory~accessoire
Moira~Moira
docs~docs
word's~mots
crystal~crystal
Chandler's~Chandler
marmoset's~ouistiti de
reckoning~calcul
ironclad~cuirassé
steeling~raidissant
turbans~turbans
Jamie's~Jamie
quipster's~quipster de
scion's~rejeton de
around~autour
upsurging~jaillissement
bedding~literie
musingly~musingly
Zest's~Zest de
ferules~ferules
prognosticator~pronostiqueur
bolster's~renforcer son
homeowner~propriétaire
adobes~adobes
plaits~tresses
girlfriend's~girlfriend's
sedan's~berline de
Adriatic~adriatique
Kayla's~Kayla de
revisionist's~révisionniste de
municipal~municipal
Missourian's~Missourian de
actress's~actrice de
steppes~steppes
rearward~arrière
hideousness's~de hideur
Valenzuela's~Valenzuela de
dehumidifier's~dehumidifier's
show~montrer
cloistered~cloîtrées
methadone~méthadone
idol's~idole
fillets~fillets
Summers's~Summers de
comber~peigneuse
paginating~pagination
odalisque's~Odalisque de
ween~Ween
Phidias's~Années Phidias
Eustachian~eustachian
continence's~continence's
downtime's~downtime's
tagliatelle~tagliatelles
pfennigs~pfennigs
proudest~le plus fier
gawkiest~gawkiest
donate~donate
scalp~cuir chevelu
buckshot's~Années chevrotines
stupids~stupids
megabit~mégabit
sprawled~vautré
envies~envies
lockjaw~tétanos
pushing~pousser
candlelit~a la chandelle
bespangling~bespangling
Ephesus~Ephèse
marauders~maraudeurs
computation~calcul
Yakutsk~Yakutsk
Levy's~Levy
globalising~globalising
steadfastly~immuablement
horded~horded
checkout's~la caisse de
inferior's~de qualité inférieure
ufology's~ufologie de
destroyers~destroyers
gnomes~gnomes
quell~réprimer
spear's~lance de
receptors~récepteurs
waistband~ceinture
Breakspear~Breakspear
chord~accord
Bumppo's~Bumppo de
disintegration's~disintegration's
Reinhold~Reinhold
misconduct~inconduite
quadrangle~quadrilatère
Bishop~Évêque
menfolks's~Années menfolks
passersby~les passants
witters~Witters
ideal's~idéal de
expediency's~expediency's
console's~console de
gossiper~gossiper
Iowas~Iowas
clearance~dégagement
baldrics~baudriers
efflorescent~efflorescent
oxygenates~oxygénés
overdoing~exagérer
blagging~Blagging
mesomorph's~Années mesomorph
temporised~temporisée
sprat~sprat
quiescence~tranquillité
abhorrence's~de l'horreur
overstimulates~surexcite
lilies~fleurs de lys
neologism's~de néologismes
hobo's~clochard de
opts~opts
unfazed~imperturbable
flamethrower's~flamethrower's
Multan's~Multan de
Gamay~Gamay
removed~supprimé
acres~d'acres
avg~avg
tonal~tonal
dissertation~dissertation
Scythia~Scythie
bespatters~éclabousse
praised~loué
aggrandisement~agrandissement
consomme's~consommé de
Puget~Puget
entertainer's~entertainer's
warring~en guerre
elbow's~elbow's
kilohertz~kilohertz
adieu's~adieu de
Hurley~Hurley
bullheadedly~bullheadedly
crypts~crypts
truism~truisme
mystic's~mystique de
huntsman~chasseur
mezzanine~mezzanine
zebu's~zébu de
rabbinical~rabbinique
multimedia~multimédia
enticingly~enticingly
onus~fardeau
monsieur~Monsieur
beefburgers~burgers au boeuf
Evansville~Evansville
squirmier~squirmier
apposing~apposants
fatwa's~fatwa's
disavow~disavow
phobics~phobiques
distaff's~distaff's
bouncing~rebondi
slope~pente
iteration~itération
NY~New York
ripostes~ripostes
skin's~peau de
unsupervised~sans supervision
dwelling's~dwelling's
heedful~attentif
fouls~fouls
dovish~dovish
splash's~éclaboussures de
Kano's~Kano de
photojournalists~photojournalistes
medusa~méduse
caesura's~césures de
doable~doable
adder's~additionneur de
snowshoeing~faire de la raquette
forgings~forgings
chiller's~refroidisseur de
cannibalisation~cannibalisation
Caribs~caribs
summery~d'été
trickling~lit bactérien
Potter's~Potter
soldiering~soldat
indited~rédigea
foredoom~foredoom
indirection's~indirection de
caulks~calfatage
rinsing~rinçage
binnacle~habitacle
sidelight~feu de position
milieu's~Milieu de
lentil~lentille
blitzes~blitz
wrangler's~wrangler de
